 How long do you take to fully target you as we accept it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take to fully charge it as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as we accept it?
 How long do you take to fully charge it as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge it as we accept it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge you as we accept it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as resented?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as presented?
 How long do you take to fully charge you as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as we sent it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as we accept it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge him you as we sent it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge you as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge him you as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge him you as we accept it?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we attempt it?
 How long do you take to pull into our exhibit as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you're as receptive?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as we have sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge in your as we sent it?
 How long do you take to fully charge in your body as we sent it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as resented?
 How long do you take to pull it towards if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as presented?
 How long do you take fully charge if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take to fully charge him you as we send him?
 How long do you take to fully charge him you as we sent him?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we set it?
 How long do you take to fully charge it you as we send it?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you are as recently?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we send you?
 How long do you take to fully charge if you as we accept it?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we have sent it?
 How long do you take your pulley charge if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you're as receptive?
 How long do you take to fully target you as we ascend it?
 How long do you take to fully torque if you are as receptive?
 How long do you take the pulley charts if you are as we accept it?
 How long do you take the pulley charge if you are as we have sent it?
 How long do you take your pulley charge if you are as we accept it?
 How long do you take to pull it towards if you are as we sent it?
 How long do you take to pull it towards if you are as we accept it?
 How long do you take your pulley charge if you are as we send it?
