 Keep your distance from those to go.
 Keep your existence from those to go.
 Keep your distance from the obstacle.
 Keep your existence from those to come.
 Keep your existence from those.
 Keep your distance from those to come.
 Keep your distance from those.
 Keep in your distance from those to go.
 Keep your distance from the obstacles.
 keep your distance from those to go.
 Keep your distance from those to complete.
 Keep your existence from the obstacle.
 Keep your existence from the obstacles.
 Keep giving your distance from those to go.
 Keep, keep your distance from those to go.
 Keep, I think you're a distance from those to go.
 Keep your existence from those people.
 Keep and take your distance from those to go.
 Keep, you know, your distance from those to go.
 Keep, I think you're a distance from the obstacle.
 Keep in your distance from the obstacle.
 Keep, I think you're a distance from the obstacles.
 Keep and secure distance from those to go.
 Keep in your distance from the obstacles.
 Keep and keep your distance from those to go.
 Keep your distance from those people.
 Keep, you're a distance from those to go.
 Keep your existence from those to complete.
 Keep your resistance from those to go.
 keep your distance from the obstacle.
 Keep and be your distance from those to go.
 keep and keep your distance from those to go.
 Keep your distance from those to go!
 Keep a bigger distance from those to go.
 Keep, you know, your distance from the obstacle.
 keep your distance from those to go
 Keep in your distance from those to complete.
 Keep, keep your existence from those to go.
 Keep a good distance from those to go.
 keep in your distance from those to go.
 Keep, I think you're a distance from those to come.
 keep your existence from those to go.
 Keep your existence from those two.
 Keep, secure distance from those to go.
 Keep, you know, your distance from the obstacles.
 keep giving your distance from those to go.
 keep your distance from the obstacle
 Keep, I think you're a distance from those.
 keep your distance from those to come.
 Keep your distance from those to go
