 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, save the exit?
 Can you take me through the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit.
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closeness and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closers and safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 can you take me to the closest safely exit
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest? Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest side of the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest? Safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closets and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 can you take me to the closest, safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closeness safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes and safety exit?
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe DXC?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit.
 can you take me to the closest and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closers safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-exit?
