 How long do you take from each one?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of safety?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of your safety?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of the city?
 How long do you take for each one?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of your city?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of a city?
 How long do you take from each one to your husband's safety?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to each one?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of a safety?
 How long do you take for weeks?
 How long do you take from each one to each other?
 How long do you take from each one to one to each one?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of the safety?
 How long do you take from each one to the first one to the second one?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of city?
 How long do you take from each one, to the bottom of the city?
 How long do you take from each one to another?
 How long do you take from each one, to the first one, to the second one?
 How long do you take from each one to one to each other?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to one city?
 How long do you take from each one to every second?
 How long do you take from each one, to the bottom of safety?
 How long do you take?
 How long did you take from each one to the bottom of the city?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to one to each one?
 how long do you take from each one to the bottom of the city?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to one to one to one?
 how long do you take from each one to the bottom of your safety?
 How long do you take from each one, to the bottom of your safety?
 How long do you take from each one to two parts of your facility?
 How long do you take from each one to the bottom of the circuit?
 How long do you take from each one, so you go back to your safety?
 how long do you take from each one to the bottom of safety?
 How long did you take from each one to the bottom of safety?
 How long do you take from each one, so you go back to my safety?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to each other?
 How long did you take from each one to the bottom of your safety?
 How long do you take from each one so you go back to your safety?
 How long do you take from each one to the other side of the city?
 how long do you take from each one?
 How long do you take from these drugs?
 How long do you take from each one, to the bottom of your city?
 How long do you take for me to answer your question with your safety?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to one to one?
 How long do you take from each one, to the bottom of a city?
 How long do you take for you to answer your question with your safety?
 How long do you take from each one, so you go back to the city?
 How long do you take for me to answer your question with safety?
 How long do you take from each one to one to one to one to one city?
