 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety action?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safe direction?
 Can you take me to the closest safety extra?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest side of the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the closest, safe direction?
 Can you take me to the closest, save the extra?
 Can you take me to the closest and save the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exercise?
 Can you take me to the closest and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety picture?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the extra?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exercises?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the extra.
 Can you take me to the closest and safe direction?
 Can you take me to the closest state of the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, take the exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety issue?
 Can you take me to the closest and save the extra?
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-section?
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit!
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the extra!
 Can you take me to the closest, say, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety section?
 Can you take me through the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest side of the X-shirt?
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest? Save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety actually?
 can you take me to the closest safety action?
 Can you take me to the closest, say the exit?
 Can you take me to the closeness and save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest except the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety action?
 Can you take me to the closest, save the X-shirt?
