 Exit the meeting room and don't hit her.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit him.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit her.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit him.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit me.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't get it.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit me.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit it.
 Exit the meeting room and don't get it.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit it.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you tell me?
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you tell me.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you hear me?
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit her!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit him!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit her!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't get here.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit him!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't give it to me.
 Exit the meeting room and don't you hear me?
 Exit the meeting room and don't get here.
 Exit the meeting room and don't you tell me?
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit it!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't get it!
 Exit the meeting room and don't you tell me.
 Exit the meeting room and don't give it to me.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit it!
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit me!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't hit me!
 Exit the meeting room and don't get it!
 Exit the meeting room, and don't take care of it.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't get there.
 Exit the meeting room and don't take care of it.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't get hurt.
 Exit the meeting room and don't get there.
 Exit the meeting room and don't get hurt.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't give it up.
 Exit the meeting room and don't get it
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you think?
 Exit the meeting room. And don't you tell me.
 Exit the meeting room. Thank you.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't kill him.
 Exit the meeting room. And don't hit her.
 Exit the meeting room and don't give it up.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you hear?
 Exit the meeting room, and don't give it to him.
 Exit the meeting room, and don't you tell them?
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit him
 Exit the meeting room, and don't give up.
 Exit the meeting room and don't hit her
