 Can you take me to the forces of safety?
 Can you take me to the courts as a safety officer?
 Can you take me through the process of safety?
 Can you take me to the forces of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me from the forces of safety?
 Can you take me through the books as I say please?
 Can you take me for some safety?
 Can you take me through the books as I say, please?
 Can you take me for the purchase of safety?
 Can you take me to the forces of safety itself?
 Can you get me a little closer to safety?
 Can you take me through the process of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me to the location of safety?
 Can you take me through the forces of safety?
 Can you take me through the books as a safety episode?
 Can you take me a little closer to safety?
 Can you take me through the course of safety?
 Can you take me through the books as you can safely answer?
 Can you take me from the forces of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me to the books as I say please?
 Can you take me through the books as a safety incident?
 Can you take me to the forces of safety? Yeah, sir.
 Can you take me from the forces to safety itself?
 Can you take me to the places of safety?
 Can you take me to the courts as I say please?
 Can you take me through the books as I say?
 Can you take me through the process and safely answer?
 Can you take me through the books as I say for you, sir?
 Can you take me from the forces of safety itself?
 Can you take me through the forces of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me to the coaches and safety?
 Can you take me through the books as a safety officer?
 Can you take me for the purchase of safety? Yes, sir.
 can you take me to the forces of safety?
 Can you take me to the ocean safely?
 Can you take me through the course of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me through the bushes and safely?
 Can you take me to the location of safety? Yes, sir.
 Can you take me to the forces of safety, etc?
 Can you take me to the forces and safety?
 Can you take me to the books as I say, please?
 Can you take me to the books as a safety officer?
 Can you take me to the coaches and safely?
 Can you take me through the books and say please?
 Can you take me to the courts as I say, please?
 Can you take me closer to safety?
 Can you take me through the process and safely?
 Can you take me to the books as a safety episode?
 Can you take me to the courts of safety?
 Can you take me through the books as I say? Yes, sir.
