 What kind of sensors are you looking at?
 What kind of sensors can we have in this?
 What kind of sensors?
 What kind of sensors are you looking for?
 What kind of sensors can I have in this?
 What kind of sensors have you been looking for?
 What kind of sensors are you going to be looking for?
 What kind of sensors are you doing with this?
 What kind of sensors are they looking at?
 What kind of sensors are they looking for?
 What kind of sensors are you doing in this?
 What kind of sensors are you doing here?
 What kind of sensors are you going to be looking at?
 What kind of sensors are we looking at?
 What kind of sensors can I have to look at?
 What kind of sensors are there going to be?
 What kind of sensors can we have to look at?
 What kind of sensors are they going to be looking for?
 What kind of sensors are there?
 What kind of sensors can we have here?
 What kind of sensors can I have?
 What kind of sensors are we going to be looking at?
 What kind of sensors can we do with it?
 What kind of sensors can we have?
 What kind of sensors are you doing?
 What kind of sensors can I be looking for?
 What kind of sensors are you doing with it?
 What kind of sensors can we be looking for?
 What kind of sensors are you going to do?
 What kind of sensors are you looking at here?
 What kind of sensors are we going to be looking for?
 What kind of sanctions are you looking at?
 What kind of sensors are they going to be looking at?
 What kind of sensors can we do with this?
 What kind of sensors can we get into?
 What kind of sensors are they looking like?
 What kind of sensors can I have to do with it?
 What kind of sensors are we looking for?
 What kind of sensors are we going to look at?
 What kind of sensors are you going to do with it?
 What kind of sensors can we get in this?
 What kind of sensors are we going to do?
 What kind of sensors can I have to do with this?
 What kind of sensors are you going to look at?
 What kind of sensors are they going to do?
 What kind of sensors can I get in this?
 What kind of sensors can I get in here?
 What kind of sensors are you going to do with this?
 What kind of sensors can I get into?
 What kind of sensors are you going to look like?
