 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the clothes with coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the clothes this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest fucking machine.
 Take me to the clothes with coffee machine
 Take me to the clothes this coffee must share.
 Take me to the clothes this coffee machine
 take me to the clothes this coffee machine
 Take me to the closes coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffin of shame.
 Take me to the closest coconut sheen.
 Take me to the close this coffee machine.
 take me to the clothes with coffee machine
 Take me to the closest guffin' machine.
 Take me to the clothes that's coffee machine.
 take me to the closes coffee machine
 Take me to the clothes with coffee machine!
 Take me to the close with coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest guffin machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine
 Take me to the clothes, it's coffee machine.
 take me to the closest fucking machine
 Take me to the closes coffee machine!
 Take me to the clothes this coffee machine!
 Take me to the clothes, this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closeest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest fucking machine
 take me to the closest coffin machine
 Take me to the clothes it's coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest fucking machine!
 Take me to the clothes that's popping a sheen.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine!
 Take me to the clothes that's popping a shame.
 Take me to the closed coffin machine.
 take me to the closest guffin machine
 Take me to the groves with coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest puff in a sheen.
 take me to the clothes this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest guffin' machine
 Take me to the closest guffin' machine!
 Take me to the clothes with coffee and a sheen.
 Take me to the clothes this coffee must share
