 Okay, you've received the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received the reception desk.
 Okay you've received the reception desk.
 OK, you've received the reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Okay you have received the reception desk.
 Okay, you've received a reception desk.
 Okay, you've received the Reception Desk.
 Okay. You've received the reception desk.
 Okay, you've receded the reception desk.
 Okay, you've received the reception desk
 OK, you have received the reception desk.
 Ok, you've received the reception desk.
 Can you proceed the reception desk?
 Okay you've received the reception desk
 Okay, you'll receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received the Reception Desk.
 okay you've received the reception desk
 Okay, you have received a reception desk.
 Okay. You have received the reception desk.
 You have received the reception desk.
 Ok you've received the reception desk.
 OK, you've received the Reception Desk.
 Okay, you received the reception desk.
 OK. You've received the reception desk.
 Ok, you have received the reception desk.
 OK you've received the reception desk.
 Okay you've received the Reception Desk.
 Okay you've received a reception desk.
 Okay, you have received the reception desk
 You've received the reception desk.
 Can you recede the reception desk?
 Okay, you will receive the reception desk.
 OK, you've received a reception desk.
 Okay, you've received the reception desk.
 Okay you've receded the reception desk.
 can you receive the reception desk?
 Okay you have received the reception desk
 Can you receive the Reception Desk?
 Okay, you've received the Reception desk.
 Ok you have received the reception desk.
 Can you foresee the reception desk?
 Can you have received the reception desk?
 you've received the reception desk.
 okay you've received the reception desk.
 Can you ever see the reception desk?
 Okay, you've received the Reception Desk
 okay you have received the reception desk
 Okay, you've received the reception desk...
