 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 taking me to the closest coffee machine
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine
 They need to recluse this coffee machine.
 Take me to the clothes that's covered in a shoe.
 Take me to the clothes that's caught in our shoes.
 Take me to the clothes that's caught in a shoe.
 Taking me to the clothes is cutting a shoe.
 Take me to the clothes that's cutting a shoe.
 Take me to the clothes that's cutting our shoes.
 Take me to the grocery store.
 taking it to the closest coffee machine
 They take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffin of sheep.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin of shit.
 Take me to the closest carpenter's shoes.
 They get me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the clothes that's covered in our shoes.
 they take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest carpenter's ship.
 Take me to the closest fucking machine.
 Take me to the clothes that's caught in the shoes.
 Take me to the closest couple of shoes.
 They take me to the closest coffin of sheep.
 Take me to the closest carpenter's shoe.
 Take me to the clothes that's caught in my shoes.
 Taking me to the closest carpenter's shoes.
 Take me to the closest cup in a shoe.
 Take me to the clothes that's caught in our shoes
 Take me to the closest cup in our shoes.
 Take me to the clothes that's got in a shoe.
 Take me to the closest coffin I should.
 Take me to the closest coffin of shoes.
 taking it to the closest coffee machine.
 They take me to the closest carpenter's shoes.
 taking me to the closest carpenter's shoes
 Taking me to the clothes is cutting a shield.
 Take me to the clothes that's got finished.
 Taking me to the clothes is cutting a shoe
 Take me to the clothes that's covered in a shoe
 Take me to the clothes that's got in our shoes.
 Take me to the clothes, this coffee machine.
 taking me to the closest fucking machine
