 Would you please go to the rest of the show?
 Would you please go to where I started showing you?
 Would you please go to where I started showing it?
 Would you please go to where it's at the show?
 Would you please go to where I started showing up?
 Would you please go to where it started showing?
 Would you please go to where I start the show?
 Would you please go to where I started showing him?
 Would you please go to where it's going to start the show?
 Would you please go to where the statue is?
 Would you please go to where to start the show?
 Would you please go to where I start to show you?
 Would you please go to where I started showing?
 Would you please go to the right side to show me?
 Would you please go to the restaurant?
 Would you please go to where it's starting to show me?
 Would you please go to where the staff is showing?
 Would you please go to the rest I have to show you?
 Would you please go to the rest of the show? Yes.
 Would you please go to restart the show?
 Would you please go to where I started showing me?
 Would you please go to the rest I've been showing you?
 Will you please go to the rest of the show?
 Would you please go to where I start to show him?
 would you please go to the rest of the show?
 Would you please go to where I start to show me?
 Would you please go to the rest of the show now?
 Would you please go to the rest of this show?
 Would you please go to the rest I'd be showing you?
 Would you please go to where the statue is going?
 Will you please go to where I started showing you?
 Would you please go to where it started showing up?
 Would you please go to the rest of the show.
 Would you please go to where it starts to show me?
 Would you please go to where I started showing here?
 Would you please go to the rest that you showed me?
 would you please go to where I started showing it?
 Would you please go to where it's starting to show?
 Would you please go to the rest of the show
 would you please go to where I started showing you?
 Will you please go to where it's at the show?
 Would you please go to the rest of the show here?
 Would you please go to where I started showing this?
 Would you please go to where it's at the show? Yes.
 Will you please go to where I start the show?
 Would you please go to the rest I have to show you.
 Will you please go to where I start to show you?
 Would you please go to where it's going to start to show me?
 would you please go to where it's at the show?
 Would you please go to where it started showing me?
