 Take me to the floor. This is fucking true.
 Get me to the floor. This is fucking true.
 Take me to the floor for the show!
 Take me to the floor for the shooting.
 They need to declare this fucking shit.
 Take me to the floor for the show.
 Take me to the floor, this is fucking true.
 Take me to the floor for the shooting!
 Take me to the floor, this fucking shit!
 Get me to the floor, this fucking shit!
 Take me to the floor. This is fucking true!
 They need to destroy this fucking shit!
 Get me to the floor for the show!
 Take me to the floor, this is fucking true!
 Thank me to the floor for the shooting.
 They need to declare this fucking shit!
 Take me to the floor, just fucking shoot.
 Get me to the floor, just fucking shoot.
 Get me to the floor, this is fucking true.
 They need to destroy this fucking shit.
 Take me to the floor, just fucking chill.
 Get me to the floor, this is fucking true!
 Get me to the floor, just fucking shoot!
 Take me to the floor, this fucking shit.
 Take me to the floor.
 Get me to the floor for the shooting!
 Take me to the floor, there's fucking shit!
 Take me to the floor for the shoot!
 Get me to the floor. This is fucking true!
 Take me to the floor. This fucking shit.
 Get me to the floor for the shooting.
 Take me to the floor for the shoot.
 Take me to the floor, just fucking shoot!
 Thank me to the floor for the show.
 Get me to the floor, this fucking shoe!
 Take me to the floor. This is fucking sure.
 Get me to the floor, this fucking shit.
 Get me to the floor, just fucking shoot it.
 Take me to the floor, this fucking shoe!
 Take me to the floor, just fucking shoot it.
 Get me to the floor, just fuckin' sure!
 Get me to the floor for the show.
 Get me to the floor, just fuckin' shoot.
 Take me to the floor, this fucking shoe.
 Get me to the floor, just fucking shit!
 Take me to the floor, just fuckin' sure.
 Take me to the floor, just fucking chillin'
 Take me to the floor, just fucking shit!
 Get me to the floor, just fucking chill.
 Take me to the floor, just fucking shit.
