 What are your overall length and waist?
 What are your overall length and ways?
 What are your overall length and waves?
 What are your overall length and weight?
 What are your older old life and ways?
 What are your overall length and wares?
 What are your overall length and width?
 What are your overall life and ways?
 What are you all the role length and ways?
 What are your overall length and weights?
 What are your overall length and wears?
 What are your overall length and wares?
 What are your other old life and ways?
 What are your overall length and wave?
 What are you all the role length and wears?
 What are you all the role of life and ways?
 What are your overall length and waste?
 What are you all the real life and ways?
 What are your overall length and widths?
 What are you all the role lamp and wears?
 What are you all the all life and ways?
 What are you all the wrong length and ways?
 What are your overall length and where?
 What are you all the role life and ways?
 What are you overall length and waves?
 What are your all the role length and ways?
 What are you all the role in life and ways?
 What are you overall length and waist?
 What are you all the royal life and ways?
 What are you all the whole life and ways?
 What are you all the role-length and ways?
 What are you overall life and ways?
 What are you all the role length and waves?
 What are your overall length and whiz?
 What are you all the role length and where?
 What are you all the role of life and wealth?
 What are you all the role length and where's?
 What are you all the royal land and ways?
 What are you all the role length and wares?
 What are you all the royal land and waves?
 What are you all the role lamp and waves?
 What are your overall length and where's...
 What are your older old life and where?
 What are you all the role length and where's...
 What are your overall length and where's?
 What are you all the all length and ways?
 What are you all the role them and where?
 What are you of the royal land and waves?
 What are you all the role length and waist?
 What are you all the role of life and where?
