 Can you receive the reception desk?
 Can you receive the reception dash?
 Okay, you've received the reception desk.
 Okay, you've received the reception dash.
 Okay, you have received the reception desk.
 Okay, you've received a reception desk.
 Okay you've received the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received the reception dash.
 can you receive the reception desk?
 Okay you have received the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed with the reception desk?
 Okay, you've received a reception dash.
 Okay you've received the reception dash.
 OK, you've received the reception desk.
 Can you receive a reception desk?
 Can't you receive the reception desk?
 Okay, you have received a reception desk.
 Can you proceed the reception desk?
 Okay, you've received a good reception desk.
 Okay, you've received a interception dash.
 Okay you've received a reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception desk.
 Can you receive the Reception Dash?
 Can you receive a good reception desk?
 Can you receive the reception, Dash?
 Okay, you have received a good reception desk.
 OK, you've received the reception dash.
 can you receive the reception dash?
 can you receive the reception desk
 Can you proceed at the reception desk?
 Ok, you've received the reception desk.
 Okay. You've received the reception desk.
 Okay you have received the reception dash.
 Okay, you've received a good reception dash.
 Can't you receive the reception dash?
 Okay, you've received the reception desk
 Can you proceed with the reception dash?
 Can you receive a reception dash?
 Can you receive the interception dash?
 Can you receive a good reception dash?
 Can you receive a interception dash?
 OK, you've received a reception desk.
 OK, you have received the reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception?
 Can you receive the reception desk
 Okay, you receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you received the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received a reception dash.
 Can you receive the reception dashboard?
