 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety I've seen?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety accident?
 And you take me to the closest safety accident.
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety I've said?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 And you take me to the closest safety I've seen.
 can you take me to the closest safety I've seen?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety?
 Can you take me to the closest city I've seen?
 and you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the coldest safety accident?
 You take me to the closest safety accident.
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I see it.
 Can you take me to the coldest safety I've seen?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I see.
 Can you take me to the closest safety accidents?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I can see it.
 Can you take me to the coach's safety accident?
 And you take me to the closest safety accident
 can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the causes safety accident?
 When you take me to the coast of safety, I see it.
 Can you take me to the closest state to the exit?
 And you take me to the coast of safety, I see it.
 Can you take me to the coast of safety, I can see it?
 and you take me to the closest safety accident.
 Can you take me to the closest safety?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I can see this.
 Can you take me to the closest safety I've seen it?
 Can you take me to the closest state to the accident?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety, I see it?
 and you take me to the closest safety I've seen.
 Can you take me to the closest safety officer?
 And you take me to the coast of safety accident.
 can you take me to the coast of safety accident?
 You take me to the closest safety I've seen.
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I see this.
 Can you take me to the coast of the safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety I've said?
 And you take me to the closest safety I've said.
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the coast of safety? I can see that.
 Can you take me to the coast to stay at the exit?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety, I can see this?
 Can you take me to the coast of safety I've seen it?
 And you take me to the coast of safety, I see.
 Can you take me to the coast of safety, I can see it.
 And you take me to the closest safety I've seen it.
