 Can you receive the reception desk?
 Can you receive the reception vest?
 Okay, you receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you'll receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you will receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you've received the reception desk.
 can you receive the reception desk?
 Okay, you've received a reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception that?
 Okay, you receive the reception vest.
 Can you receive the reception best?
 Can you receive the reception in that?
 Okay, you'll receive the reception vest.
 Can you receive the reception last?
 Okay, you've received a reception vest.
 Can you receive the reception mask?
 Okay, you have received the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received a reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception test?
 can you receive the reception vest?
 Okay, you've received the reception vest.
 Okay you receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you will receive the reception vest.
 Can you receive the reception? Yes.
 Okay, you will see the reception desk.
 Can you receive the reception?
 And you receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you have received a reception vest.
 Okay you've received the reception desk.
 Okay you've received a reception desk.
 Okay, you have received the reception vest.
 Can you receive the reception next?
 Okay, you will see the reception vest.
 Okay you receive the reception vest.
 Okay, you received the reception desk.
 Can you obviously do the reception best?
 And you will receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you receive the reception mask.
 Okay, you receive the reception last.
 Okay, you've received the reception last.
 Okay you'll receive the reception desk.
 Okay, you'll receive the reception mask.
 Okay you have received the reception desk.
 Okay you have received a reception desk.
 Okay, you'll receive the reception last.
 can you receive the reception that?
 Okay, you've received a reception test.
 Okay, you receive the reception test.
 Can you receive the reception and ask?
 Can you receive the reception that's?
