 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit the exit?
 Can you take me to the coaster city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cozy city exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and stay to the exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and stay at the exit?
 Can you take me to the cause of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city, exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and say to the exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and set the exit?
 Can you take me to the coast of city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city I could sit?
 Can you take me to the closer city exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit at the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city I could see?
 Can you take me to the closest city I could say?
 Can you take me to the closest state to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet city exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the coast to stay to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closed city exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit, the exit?
 Can you take me to the coach's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit, be exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit? Yeah, I could sit.
 Can you take me to the cause of safety, exit?
 Can you take me to the cozy city, exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit?
 Can you take me to the closing city exit?
 Can you take me to the closer seat the exit?
 Can you take me to the coach's city exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit behind sit?
 Can you take me to the causes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest City exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and see if he acts it?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit? Yeah, I can sit.
 Can you take me to the closer city I see?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit? The exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit here?
 Can you take me to the closest city I'd sit?
 Don't you take me to the coast and sit the exit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit and be exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city, I could sit?
 Can you take me to the coast and sit here, exit?
 And you take me to the closest city exit?
 can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city, I could see it?
 Can you take me to the coast of St. B exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city I can see?
