 If I pick a distance from there, it's the cause.
 If I figured it's done from there, it's the cause.
 If I pick a distance from there, that's the cause.
 If I begin this and from there, it's the cause.
 If I begin to stand from there, it's the cause.
 If a bigger distance from there is the cause.
 If I be good, I stand from there. Of course.
 It's a bigger distance from there, of course.
 If I be good, I stand from there, of course.
 It's a big addition from the obstacle course.
 It's a bigger distance from the outside of the car.
 If I begin to stand from there, I'll stop the cause.
 If I pick a distance from the outside, of course.
 If I be good, you stand from there. Of course.
 It's a big distance from there, of course.
 It's a big addition from the obstacle cause.
 It's a bigger distance from the outside of the course.
 It's a big addition from delves, the cause.
 If I be good, I stand from there, I'm stuck close.
 It's a big distance from the outside of the car.
 If I pick a distance from there, I'm stuck close.
 If I begin to stand from there, I'm stuck close.
 If I pick a distance from there, it's the cause
 If I pick a distance from the outside of the course.
 If I be good, I stand from there, I am the cause.
 It's a bigger distance from the outside of the cross.
 If I be good, I stand from there, I'm still close.
 It's a bigger distance from the outside of the cause.
 If I pick a distance from there of the cause.
 If I figured it's done from there, it's the cause
 If I be good, I stand from the outside of the car.
 If I pick a distance from the outside, the cause.
 If I begin to stand from there, I'll start the cause.
 It's a big distance from the outside of the course.
 Keep a big distance from the outside of the car.
 If I pick a distance from the outside of the car.
 If I be good, you stand from there, I'm stuck close.
 It's a bigger distance from the opposite of course.
 If I pick a distance from there, that's the cause
 If I pick a distance from the outside of the cross.
 If I pick a decision from them, the cause.
 If I be good, I stand from the outside of the closet.
 It's a big addition from the obstacles.
 If I pick a distance from there, it's the cause...
 If I figured it's done from there, it's the course.
 If I begin this and from there, it's the cause
 If I figured it's done from there, it's the cause...
 Keep a big addition from the obstacle course.
 If I be good, I stand from there, I have the cause.
 If I be good, I stand from the outside of the course.
