 Can you take me to the closest refugee exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee accident?
 Can you take me to the closest strategy exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest RPG exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee acts?
 Can you take me to the closest SVG exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee acts it?
 can you take me to the closest refugee exit
 Can you take me to the closes refugee exit?
 Can you take me to the closest secondary exit?
 Can you take me to the closest energy exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee exit.
 Can you take me to the closest refugee acts sit?
 can you take me to the closest refugee exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee access?
 Can you take me to the closest set to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest SVG accent?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee accent?
 Can you take me to the closest subject you exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety acts?
 Can you take me to the closest CFG exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety acts it?
 Can you take me to the closest strategy axis?
 Can you take me to the closest lethargy exit?
 Can you take me to the closest SVG access?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to the closeest refugee exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee axis?
 Can you take me to the closest set in the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee exit...
 Can you take me to the closest safety axes?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axit?
 Can you take me to the closest secretary exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee acts yet?
 Can you take me to the closest strategy exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take weed to the closest refugee exit?
 Can you take me to the closest refugee exits?
 Can you take me to the closes refugee accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest side of the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest lethargy accent?
 can you take me to the closest strategy exit
