 XC, they need to move and go to each other.
 XC, they need to move and move to each other.
 XC, they need to move, and move to each other.
 XC, they need to move and move each other.
 XC, they need to move, and go to each other.
 Let's see if they need to move and move to each other.
 XC, they need to move, and move each other.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do it right now.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll be excited.
 Let's see if they need to move and go to each other.
 XC, let me tell you, and we'll be excited.
 XC, they need to move. And we'll do it right now.
 XC, let me tell you, I'm good with each other.
 Let's see if they need to move, and move to each other.
 XC, they need to move and move the XC.
 XC, they need to move and move into each other.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do each other.
 Let's see if they need to move and move each other.
 XC, they need to move and pull it to each other.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do it right here.
 XC, they need to move. And we'll be excited.
 XC, let me tell you, and we'll do it right now.
 XC, they need to move and go do it right now.
 XC, they need to move, and go do it right now.
 XC, let me tell you.
 XC, let me tell you, and we'll do it right here.
 XC, they need to move, and move the XC.
 XC, they need to move and go to each other
 XC, they need to move, and go do XC.
 XC, they need to move and go do XC.
 XC, they need to move and move into the tower.
 XC, they need to move and move to each other
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do XC.
 XC, let me tell you. I hope you enjoyed it.
 XC, they need to move and go to the title.
 XC, they need to move and go to the tower.
 XC, they need to move and move to XC.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do it right.
 XC, let me tell you, I hope you enjoyed it.
 XC, they need to move. And we'll do it right here.
 XC, they need to move, and move to XC.
 XC, they need to move, and move to the tower.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll do it harder.
 XC, they need to move.
 XC, let me tell you, I'm going to try it.
 XC, they need to move, and we'll be excited!
 XC, let me tell you, and we'll be excited!
 XC, they need to move, and go to the title.
 XC, they need to move, and move the attack.
 XC, they need to move, and move into the tower.
