 Can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section desk?
 Can you proceed to their section then?
 can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section thus?
 Can you proceed to their section?
 Can you proceed to their section, this?
 Can you proceed to their section of this?
 Can you proceed to their section best?
 Can you proceed to their reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section that?
 can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section, then?
 Okay, you proceed to the reception desk.
 can you proceed to their section this
 Can you proceed to their section, does?
 Okay, can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section, though?
 Can you proceed to their session this?
 Can you proceed to their section this
 Can you proceed to their section there?
 Can you proceed to their section? Yes.
 Can you proceed to their section though?
 Okay, you proceed to their section this.
 can you proceed to their section desk?
 Okay, can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section, does it?
 Can you proceed to their section, Beth?
 can you proceed to their section of this?
 Can you proceed to their section this.
 can you proceed to the reception desk
 can you proceed to their section that?
 can you proceed to their section thus?
 can you proceed to their section then?
 Can you proceed with their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section, thus?
 Can you proceed to their exception this?
 Okay, you proceed to their section desk.
 Can you proceed to their section? This.
 Okay you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to their section, that?
 can you proceed to their section best?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk
 Can you proceed to their section? That's it.
 Can you proceed to their section does?
 Okay, you proceed to their section, this.
 Okay, can you proceed to their section then?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you perceive to their section this?
