 Can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section list?
 Can you proceed to their section desk?
 Can you proceed to their section?
 Can you proceed to their reception desk?
 Can you proceed to the reception list?
 Can you proceed to their section thus?
 Can you proceed to their section, this?
 can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section then?
 can you proceed to their section list?
 can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Okay, you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to their section test?
 Can you proceed to their section? Yes.
 Can you proceed to their section, then?
 Can you proceed to their section there?
 Can you proceed to their section less?
 can you proceed to their section desk?
 Can you proceed to the reception test?
 Can you proceed to their section, Wes?
 Can you perceive to their section this?
 Okay, you proceed to their section list.
 Can you proceed to their section best?
 Can you proceed to their reception list?
 Can you proceed to their section next?
 Can you proceed to their section, Les?
 Can you proceed to their section nest?
 can you proceed to their section this
 Can you proceed to their section, though?
 Can you proceed to their section this.
 Okay you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to their section, Jess?
 can you proceed to their section list
 can you proceed to the reception desk
 Okay, you proceed to their section desk.
 Can you proceed to their section, does?
 Can you proceed to their section, Des?
 can you proceed to their section thus?
 Can you proceed to their sectionless?
 Can you proceed to their section this
 Can you proceed to the reception desk.
 can you proceed to their section?
 can you proceed to the reception list?
 Can you proceed to the receptionist?
 Can you proceed to their exception this?
 can you proceed to their section desk
 Can you proceed to their section, that's...
 Okay you proceed to their section list.
