 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8?
 What are real dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of A and U?
 What are your dimensions in terms of A?
 What are you dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of eight and eight?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 2?
 What's our real dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of eight and zero?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8th and 8th?
 What are real dimensions in terms of 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 0?
 What are your dimensions in terms of A and A?
 Whoops, are you dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are real dimensions in terms of A and U?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8, and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8
 What are your dimensions in terms of eight and two?
 What are your dimensions in terms of eight?
 What are your dimensions, in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are you dimensions in terms of 8?
 What's are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 3?
 Whoops, are you dimensions in terms of 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of a?
 What are you dimensions in terms of A and U?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 0's?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 10?
 What are you dimensions in terms of A?
 What are your dimensions in terms of the 8th and 8th?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and U?
 What are your dimensions in terms of the 8th and the 8th?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 8.
 What is our real dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are you dimensions?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 4?
 What are real dimensions in terms of A?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 7?
 What are real dimensions in terms of eight and eight?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 9?
 What's our yield dimensions in terms of 8 and 8?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and u?
 What are your dimensions and terms of 8?
 What are real dimensions in terms of 8 and 2?
 What are your dimensions in terms of A and Q?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 0s?
 What are you dimensions in terms of eight and eight?
 What are your dimensions in terms of 8 and 5?
