 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mansion.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mushroom.
 Take me to the closest coffee mission.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee-machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take Me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 ...take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They gave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mansion!
 Take me to the closest coffeemation.
 Take me to the closest coughing machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mashing.
 Make me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mansion
 They take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest golfing machine.
 They give me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine."
 Take me to the closest coffee mushroom
 Dake me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mushroom!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine !
 Take me, to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to The closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine.
 Leave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest confirmation.
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine!
