 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section, this?
 Can you proceed to their section desk?
 Can you proceed to their reception desk?
 Can you proceed to their section thus?
 can you proceed to the reception desk?
 can you proceed to their section this?
 Can you proceed to their section then?
 Can you proceed to their section?
 Can you proceed to their exception this?
 can you proceed to the reception desk
 Can you proceed to their section there?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to their section best?
 can you proceed to their section this
 Okay, you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to their section, Wes?
 Can you proceed to the reception desk
 Can you proceed to their section this.
 Can you proceed to their section that?
 Can you proceed to their section, then?
 Can you proceed to their exception, this?
 Can you proceed to their section, thus?
 Can you proceed to the perception this?
 Can you proceed to their perception this?
 can you proceed to their section thus?
 Can you proceed to their section this
 Can you proceed to their section next?
 Can you proceed to their inception this?
 Can you proceed to their section list?
 can you proceed to their section desk?
 Can you proceed to their inception desk?
 Can you proceed to the reception test?
 Can you proceed to their section? This.
 Can you proceed to their section? This?
 Can you proceed to the reception this?
 Can you proceed to their Section this?
 can you proceed to their section, this?
 Can you proceed to the reception list?
 Can you proceed to their section, though?
 Can you proceed to their section, that?
 Can you proceed to their section, this.
 can you proceed to their reception desk?
 Can you proceed to there section this?
 Can you proceed to their exception then?
 Can you proceed to their section test?
 Can you proceed to the exception this?
 Can you proceed to their section? Yes.
 Can you proceed to their section, that's...
