 What kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of a census do you want?
 What kind of a sensor's do you want?
 What kind of senses do you want?
 What kind of sense is the amount?
 What kind of a sense is the amount?
 What kind of a sensor is the amount?
 What kind of a sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you mind?
 What kind of answers do you want?
 What kind of a sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you own?
 What kind of a sensor's the amount?
 What kind of sensors do you want ?
 What kind of sensors do you want
 What kind of sensors do you mount?
 what kind of a census do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you want
 What kind of sensors do you want?!
 What kind of incentives do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want??
 What kind of sensors do you want.
 What kind of the sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensor's do you want?
 What kind of census do you want?
 What kind of assets do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want...?
 What kind of sensors do you want?"
 What kind of sensors will you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want?
 what kind of senses do you want?
 What kinds of sensors do you want?
 What kind of a sense is there's the amount?
 what kind of sense is the amount?
 What kind of sensors do you want...
 What kind of senses do you mind?
 What kind of sensors do you want!?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Well, what kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of a sense is the amount?
 What kind of sense there's the amount?
 What kind of sensors are you around?
 What kind of a sensor is that you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? So, what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? And what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? You know, what kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of a sensor is the amount?
 What kind of sensors do you around?
 what kind of sensors do you want.
