 We thought he would love it online, isn't it?
 We thought he would love it online, didn't he?
 We thought he would love it online, didn't you?
 We thought he would love it online, didn't it?
 We thought he would love it online for me, too.
 We thought he would love it online for me too.
 What are you going to have a long time for me?
 What are you all going on right now?
 We thought he would love it online for me.
 We thought he would love it online, didn't we?
 We thought he would love it online, but we didn't.
 We'll talk to you about the one that I'm going to eat.
 We thought he'd love it online, didn't he?
 We thought he would go the wrong way, didn't he?
 We thought he'd love it online, didn't you?
 We thought he'd love it online for me, too.
 We thought he'd love it online, didn't it?
 We thought he'd love it online for me too.
 We thought he would love it on the right side.
 We thought he would love it online, isn't he?
 We thought he would love it online, so we need to.
 We thought he'd love it online, didn't we?
 We thought he would love it online, but we didn't see it.
 We thought he would love it online for me too!
 We'll talk to you about the one we're going to eat.
 What are you doing?
 We thought he would love it online, but we need to.
 We thought he'd love it online for me.
 We thought it would be a long time for me, too.
 We thought he would love it online, so we didn't.
 We thought he would love it online today.
 We thought he would go the wrong way, didn't you?
 We're going to have a long time to meet you.
 We thought you'd love it online for me too.
 We thought he would love it online, so we didn't see it.
 We'll talk to you about the one that we need to.
 We thought he would go the wrong way, didn't it?
 We thought he would go the wrong way, didn't we?
 We thought he would love it online for me?
 We thought he would love it online for me too
 What are you going to want to learn from me?
 We thought he'd love it on the right side.
 What are you going to have a long time tonight?
 We thought he would love it online for me, too!
 We'll talk to you about the one that we need to do.
 We thought you would love it online for me too.
 We'll talk to you about the long line for me, too.
 We thought he'd love it online, so we need to.
 We thought he'd love it online for me too!
 We'll talk to you about the one that we need to talk about.
