 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine
 Make me to the closest coffee machine.
 Thank you to the closest coffee machine.
 They can lead to the closest coffee machine.
 They can meet the closest coffee machine.
 Pick me to the closest coffee machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Connect me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closet's coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 They commute the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest ko-fi machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine !
 to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 They connect to the closest coffee machine.
 They commit to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 they commute to the closest coffee machine
 Check me to the closest coffee machine.
 Pay me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine?
 taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 They connect the closest coffee machine.
 Thank you to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me into the closest coffee machine!
 they commute to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 They committed the closest coffee machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine!
