 Would you please go to the reception?
 What are your faces going to be deception?
 What do you feel is going to be deception?
 Would you please be able to get a snapshot?
 What are your face and go out to get a snapshot?
 What is your face going to be deception?
 Will you please go to the reception?
 What are you facing going to get a snapshot?
 Would you please go to the deception?
 What are your face and go to the reception?
 What do you feel is going to be a deception?
 What are you facing going to be deception?
 One of the athletes will be able to get a snapshot.
 What are you facing, go out to get a snapshot?
 What do you feel is going to be the exception?
 Would you please go to get a snapshot?
 What is your face and go out to get a snapshot?
 What are your faces going to be the exception?
 What are your face and go up to get a snapshot?
 One of your face is going to be deception.
 What do you feel is going to be a reception?
 What are your face looks like to be deception?
 Would you please be a good reception?
 What are your face and go to get a snapshot?
 What are your face and go to the deception?
 Would you please be able to be a deception?
 Would you face a good exception?
 Would you please be able to be deception?
 What do you feel is going to be the reception?
 What are you facing, go to the reception?
 What is your face and go to the reception?
 Would you face a good reception?
 What are your face and go out to be deception?
 One of your face is going to be a deception.
 What are your face and go up to the reception?
 Would you please feel good to get a snapshot?
 What do you feel is going to get a snapshot?
 What are your faces going to get a snapshot?
 What are your face looks like to be a reception?
 What are you facing? Go to the reception.
 What are the effects of your perception?
 What are your faces going to be a deception?
 What will your face be on to get a snapshot?
 Would you please be able to be a reception?
 What is your face going to get a snapshot?
 What is your face going to be the exception?
 Will you please go to the deception?
 What are your fees to be accepted?
 What are you facing, go out to get a snapshot.
 One of the athletes will be able to get a snapshot
