 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the glossist safety exit?
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glosses safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glosses to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glossy safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety action?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet to set the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can you take me to the Closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closets safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glossest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest saftey exit?
 Can you take me to the glasses to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety execute?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closet to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 50 exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 60 exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety outfit?
 Can you take me to the closest taxi exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the classes safety exit?
 can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take me to the closest sexy exit?
