 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axes?
 Can you take me to the closest to the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety axis
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to be closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to be closest to safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest taxi exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest 60 axis?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis ?
 Can you take me to the closest city axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can't you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access
 Can you take me to the closest safety access to?
 Can you take me to be closest to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 70 axis?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis.
 Can you take me to the closest to safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest saftey exit?
 Can you take me to the closest taxi access?
 Can you take me to the closest to the axis?
 Can you take me to the closest 60 exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city access?
 can you take me to the closest safety access
 Can you take me to the closest sector exit?
 Can you take me to the closest sexy exit?
 Can you take me to be closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest 50 axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
