 What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you own?
 What kind of sensors do you have?
 What kind of sensors are you on?
 what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you know?
 What kind of senses do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors will you own?
 What kind of sensors do you want
 What kind of senses do you own?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you love?
 What kind of sensors do you want ?
 What kind of sensors are you around?
 what kind of sensors do you want
 What kind of sensors will you have?
 What kind of sensors do you have? What kind of sensors do you have?
 what kind of sensors do you own?
 What kind of sensors did you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Well, what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of senses are you on?
 What kind of sensors do you want to know?
 What kind of sensors are they around?
 What kind of sensors do you need?
 What kind of sensors do you have? What kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you have?
 What kind of sensors may you own?
 what kind of sensors are you on?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do
 What kind of sensors are there on?
 What kind of sensors can you own?
 What kind of sensors, do you want?
 What kind of sensors will you want?
 What kind of sensors were you on?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Well, what kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you have? What kind of sensors do you have? What kind of sensors do you have?
 What kind of senses do you know?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want to do?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want to do? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Well, what kind of sensors do you want? Well, what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of senses do you have?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Yeah, what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors, are you on?
 What kind of sensors do you want to do?
 What kind of sensors do you want.
 What kind of sensors do you want to have?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Okay, what kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you know?
 What kind of sensors can you have?
