 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the glossist safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glossy safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the glossest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glasses to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the Glossist safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glasses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to big losses to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glosses to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glossist's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the Glossist's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Glossist safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glosses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axit?
 Can you take me to the Closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to be closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the glossis safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You
 Can you take me to the Glosest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Glasses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Glossest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Glossest Safety Exit?
 can you take me to the glossist safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the Clostest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the glory safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Accit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the Colossus safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety exit?
