 What do you please go to the exception?
 What do you please go to the next section?
 What will you please go to the exception?
 What are you please go to the exception?
 What do you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go to the section?
 What are you, please, in your direction?
 What will you please go to the next section?
 What are you, please? Go to the next section.
 What do you please go to the next one?
 What are you please go to the next section?
 What do you please go to the attention?
 What are you, please? Go to the exception.
 What are you, please go to the exception?
 What do you please go to the next election?
 What do you please go to my selection?
 What did you please go to the exception?
 What are you, please? Go to the section.
 What are you, please, go to the next section.
 What are you please go to the reception?
 What are you pleased with your attention?
 What are you, please, go to the exception.
 What are you, please? Go to the reception.
 What are your pieces of your collection?
 What will you please go to the reception?
 What are you please go to my selection?
 What will you please go to the next one?
 What are you, please, go to the next one.
 What do you please go to the selection?
 What are you please go to the section?
 What will you please go to the next election?
 What do you please go to the next lecture?
 What are you, please go to the next section?
 What are you, please go to the reception?
 What will you please go to the section?
 What are you, please? Go to the next one.
 What are you please go to the attention?
 What do you please go to the next option?
 What do you please go to the situation?
 What are you pleased to go to next election?
 What are you please do at the next section?
 What are you please go to the next one?
 What will you please go to my selection?
 What are you, please, go to the section.
 What will you please go to the attention?
 What do you please go to the suggestion?
 What do you please go to my section?
 What are your pieces of your attention?
 What are you please go to the next election?
 What do you please go to next section?
