 We took knowledge decision of the safety of the police.
 Looks to acknowledge the session of the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essentially, the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essential of the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essential for the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essential, the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essentially of the safety of the police.
 Looks like knowledge is essential, the safety of the police.
 We stick knowledge essentially, the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge extension of the safety of the police.
 Looks like knowledge is essential for the safety of the police.
 We stick knowledge essential, the safety of the police.
 Looks like knowledge is essential. The safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essentially. The safety of the police.
 We took knowledge, essentially, the safety of the police.
 We stick knowledge essential for the safety of the police.
 What's the technology session of the sector yet?
 We took knowledge essential to the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essentially the safety of the police.
 We took knowledge decision, the safety of the police.
 What's the technology session? The safety of the police?
 We took knowledge decision for the safety of the police.
 We stick knowledge essential to the safety of the police.
 What's the technology session? The safety of the police.
 We stick knowledge essentially. The safety of the police.
 We took knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news.
 Looks to acknowledge the session of the safety of the police. Thank you.
 We stick knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news.
 We took knowledge essential. The safety of the police.
 What's the technology session of the safety of the police?
 What's the technology session of the sector?
 We took knowledge decision of the safety of the police
 What's the technology session?
 We stick knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news. Thank you.
 We took knowledge essentially, the safety of their police.
 We took knowledge decision of the safety of the police...
 Looks to acknowledge the session of the safety of their police.
 We took knowledge essentially, the safety of the police...
 We took knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news. Thank you.
 Looks to acknowledge the session of the safety of the police. Thank you very much.
 We stick knowledge essentially, the safety of their police.
 We took knowledge decision of the sector yet.
 We stick knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news. Thank you very much.
 Looks like knowledge is essential, the safety of their police.
 Looks to acknowledge the session of the sector yet.
 We took knowledge essential for safety at the end of the news. Thank you very much.
 Looks like knowledge is essential.
 We took knowledge essential for safety at the end of the week.
 We took knowledge essentially, the safety of that police.
 We took knowledge decision of the safety of the police and the police.
