 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the glasses coffee machine.
 They can need the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine.
 Take me to the glossy scruffy machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy coffee machine.
 they can need the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossist coffee machine.
 They connect the closest coffee machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scoffee machine.
 Take me to the glasses coffee machine
 They can need the glasses coffee machine.
 They connect to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the glasses coffee machine.
 Take need to the closest coffee machine.
 They can eat the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffie machine.
 They can meet the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine
 Take me to the glasses coffee machine!
 They can lead to the closest coffee machine.
 They can need the closest coffee machine
 they commute to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scoffi machine.
 They need the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the glossy scuffy machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine.
 Take me to the Glossy's coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scarfy machine.
 Take me to the glossy scruffy machine
 Take me to the Glossy scuffy machine.
 Take me to the Glosys coffee machine.
 they can need the closest coffee machine
 technique to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Glossy Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the global coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine!
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the glasses coffee machine
 Take me to the glossy scruffy machine!
 they can need the glasses coffee machine.
