 I need the coffee with me to the closest finish.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest finish.
 I need the coffee. Let me to the closest finish.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest coffee.
 I need a coffee with me to the closest finish.
 We need the coffee. We need to make the closest coffee.
 We need the coffee, we need the closest coffee.
 I need the coffee, it meet in the closest place.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest dish.
 We need the coffee with me to the closest finish.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest fish.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest fish.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest polish.
 I need the coffee. I need to make the closest coffee.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest dish.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest finish
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest place.
 I need the coffee, it will meet in the closest place.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest fish.
 I need the coffee, it meet in the closest village.
 I need the coffee, it meet in the closest location.
 I need the coffee, it will meet in the closest village.
 I need the coffee, it needs the closest coffee.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest dish.
 I need the coffee, we can eat in the closest dish.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest condition.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest one.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest one.
 I need the coffee, it meets in the closest place.
 I need the coffee, it will meet in the closest location.
 I need the coffee, I need to make the closest coffee.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest place.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest solution.
 I need the coffee, it'll meet in the closest place.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest finish.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest finish
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest information.
 I need the coffee, let me to the closest finish!
 I need the coffee, let me do the closest finish.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest for the fish.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest location.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest for this.
 I need the coffee, we can eat it in the closest place.
 I need the coffee with me to the closest.
 We need the coffee, we need to make the closest one of us.
 We need the coffee, we can eat in the closest dish.
 I need the coffee. Let me to the closest one.
 I need the coffee, we can eat in the closest place.
 I need the coffee, it'll meet in the closest village.
