 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 They connect to the closest coffee machine.
 They can need the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy coffee machine.
 Take me to the glasses coffee machine.
 They connect the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scruffy machine.
 Take me to the glossist coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scoffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 They can lead to the closest coffee machine.
 Take need to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffie machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine
 Take me into the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Glossy Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 They connect to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the glossy scruffy machine
 Take me to the glossis coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scuffy machine.
 They can need the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the glasses coffee machine
 Take me into the closest coffee machine!
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closet's coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossy scoffi machine.
 Take me to the glossy coffee machine
 They can meet the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Glossy scuffy machine.
 Take me to the glossy scoffee machine
 they can need the closest coffee machine.
 They commute to the closest coffee machine
 Take new to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the glossist coffee machine
 Take me to the Classic Coffee Machine.
 Take me into the glossy scuffy machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take knee to the closest coffee machine.
