 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest cooking machine.
 Take me to the closest cutting machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest copy machine
 Take me to the closest parking machine.
 Take me to the closest cooking machine
 Take me to the closest company machine.
 Take me to the closest coping machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest cotton machine.
 Take me to the closest capping machine.
 Take me to the closest cup in machine.
 Take me to the closest cutting machine
 Take me to the closest cooking machine!
 Take me to the closest copper machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine!
 Take me to the closest cafe machine.
 Take me to the closest carbon machine.
 Take me to the closest cup and machine.
 Take me to the closest cup in the machine.
 Take me to the closest cup of machine.
 Take me to the closest cuffing machine.
 Take me to the closest carpet machine.
 Take me to the closest shopping machine.
 Take me to the closest copying machine.
 Take me to the closest camping machine.
 Take me to the closest shipping machine.
 Take me to the closest Kotlin machine.
 Take me to the closest cockpit machine.
 Tag me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest cutting machine!
 Take me to the closest couple machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest cabin machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest parking machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest cartoon machine.
 Take me to the closest caffeine machine.
 Take me to the closest captain machine.
 take me to the closest copy machine.
 take me to the closest copy machine
 Take me to the closest company machine
 Take me through the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest open machine.
 Take me to the closest custom machine.
 take me to the closest cooking machine.
