 Can you tell me to go close and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the episode?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the episode?
 Can you tell me to go closer to set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go closer, set the effort?
 Can you try me to go close and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go closer safely, Edward?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the object?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the answer?
 Can you tell me to go close or set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the exit?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the exit?
 Can you tell me to go closer and set the effort?
 So you're telling me to go close and set the effort.
 Have you tried me to go close and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the editor?
 Can you tell me to look close and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the answer?
 Can you tell me to go closer to set the episode?
 can you tell me to go close and set the effort?
 And you're telling me to go close and set the effort.
 So you're trying to go close and set the effort.
 Can you take me to the close and set the effort?
 Can you try me to go close and check the effort?
 So you are telling me to go close and set the effort.
 Can you tell me to go close and set the actual?
 Can you tell me to go closer to check the effort?
 Can you take me to the cloth and set the effort?
 Can you take me to the clothes and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the object?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the extra?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the editor?
 Can you tell me to go closer to check the episode?
 Can you tell me to go closer, check the effort?
 So you're telling me to go close and set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and set the effort.
 Can you try me to go closer, set the effort?
 So you're telling me to go close and check the effort.
 So you're telling me to go closer, set the effort.
 Can you tell me to go closer to safety effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the actual?
 Can you tell me to go closer set the effort?
 Can you tell me to go closer, set the effort.
 When you're telling me to go closer, set the effort.
 Can you tell me to go closer shape the effort?
 Can you tell me to go close and check the episode.
 When you're telling me to go close and set the effort.
 Can you tell me to go closer, say it, be accurate?
 And you're telling me to go close and check the effort.
