 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cover us.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cut off.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you come up.
 Oh, man, you kill me just and you cut off.
 Oh, man, you kill leaders and you cover us.
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you come up.
 Oh man you kill leaders and you cover us.
 How many kilometers can you cover?
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cover up.
 Oh man you kill me just and you cut off.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cover us.
 oh man you kill me just and you cut off
 Oh, man, you kill me just and you come up.
 Oh man, you killed me just and you cut off.
 Oh man, you killed me just and you caught up.
 Oh man you kill me just and you come up.
 Oh, man, you kill me just and you cover up.
 Oh man you kill leaders and you come up.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cut off!
 oh man you kill me just and you come up
 Oh man, you kill meters and you cover us.
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cover us!
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cut them off.
 oh man you kill leaders and you cover us
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cover up.
 Oh, man, you kill me just and you cover us.
 How many kilometers can you come up?
 Oh man, you kill me just and you come up!
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cough up.
 Oh man, you kill bidders and you cover us.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you kill us.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cut my ass.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cut us.
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cut up.
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you come up!
 Oh man you kill me just and you cover us.
 oh man you kill leaders and you come up
 Oh man, you kill me, just and you cut off.
 Oh man you kill me just and you cover up.
 Oh man you kill me just and you cut off!
 Oh, man, you kill me, just and you cut off.
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cut them up.
 Oh, man, you kill leaders and you cover up.
 Oh man you kill leaders and you cover us!
 Oh man you kill me just and you cut off
 Oh, man, you kill me just and you cut off!
 Oh, man, you killed me just and you cut off.
 Oh man, you kill leaders and you cut us.
 Oh man you kill me just and you come up!
 Oh man, you kill me just and you cover up!
