 You can take me to the closestest of games yet.
 It can take me to the closestest of games yet.
 Can you take me to the closestest of games yet?
 I can take me to the closestest of games yet.
 You can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 You can take me to the closestest of the game, shit.
 You can take me to the closestest of the game shit.
 You can take me to the closest to self-game shit.
 You can take me to the close to the seventh game, see?
 It can take me to the closestest of the game, shit.
 You can take me to the closestest of game shit.
 It can take me to the closest to self-game shit.
 Can take me to the closestest of games yet.
 I can take me to the closestest of the game, shit.
 I can take me to the closest to self-game shit.
 You can take me to the close to the self game, see?
 I can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 You can take me to the closestest of games.
 It can take me to the closestest of the game shit.
 I can take me to the closestest of the game shit.
 Can you take me to the closestest of the game, shit?
 It can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 Can you take me to the closestest of the game shit?
 You can take me into the closestest of games yet.
 You can take me to the closestest of games yet
 You can take me to the close to the seventh game, shit.
 You can take me to the close to the self game shit.
 can take me to the closestest of games yet
 You can take me to the close to self-game shit.
 you can take me to the closestest of games yet
 can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 I can take me to the closestest of games yet
 You can take me to the closestest of game, shit.
 I can take me to the closestest of game shit.
 Can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 You can take me to the closestest of games it.
 It can take me to the closestest of game shit.
 You can take me to the close to the self-game shit.
 you can take me to the closestest of the game, see?
 I can take me to the close to the self game, see?
 You can take me to the close to the self game, shit.
 You can take me to the closestest of games yet...
 It can take me to the closestest of games it.
 I can take me to the close to the self game shit.
 I can take me to the closestest of games yet...
 I can take me to the closestest of games.
 you can take me to the closestest of the game shit
 You can take me to the closestest of the game, shit!
 It can take me to the closestest of games.
 I can take me to the closestest of games it.
