 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle's.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacle
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 and keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep our bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite course.
 Keep bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep up bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance, from the obstacles.
 a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite of course.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle's
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 can't configure distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the upstairs.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacle's.
 And keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 can't configure distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacle's
 Keep a bigger distance from helps the course.
 Can't put bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstockals.
 keep our bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle!
 Keep a bigger distance from the helpsicles.
 K-pop bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Can't configure distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the helps the course.
 I keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Kick a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 can't put bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep up bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the upstuckles.
