 Can you just see what the section goes?
 Can you just see what this section goes?
 Can you just see what this section does?
 Can you see what the section goes?
 Can you just see what the section does?
 Can you go see what the section goes?
 I can't even see what the section goes.
 I can't even see what this section does.
 Can you see what this section does?
 I can't even see what this section goes.
 Can you just see what this section feels?
 Come in and see what the section goes.
 Can you just see what the section was?
 I'm gonna go see what the section goes.
 Can you just see what this section is?
 Can you just see what the section goes.
 Can you go see what this section goes?
 Can you just see what the section feels?
 Can you see what the section does?
 Can you see what this section goes?
 Can you just see what the section is?
 I'm going to go see what the section goes.
 Can you just see what that section goes?
 Can you go see what this section does?
 I can't even see what the section does.
 I'm going to see what the section goes.
 Can you just see it for the second place?
 Can you just see if the section goes?
 I'm gonna go see what this section goes.
 Can you even see what the section goes?
 Can you please see what the section goes?
 Can you go see what the section does?
 I'm going to go see what this section goes.
 Can you just see it for the second dose?
 Can you just see if there's something else?
 Can you just see what the second one does?
 Can you just see what the second one goes?
 I'm gonna go see what this section does.
 Can you just see what a section goes?
 Can you proceed for the second place?
 Come in and see what this section goes.
 I can't even see what this section is.
 Come in and see what this section does.
 I can't even see what this section feels.
 I'm going to go see what this section does.
 Can you proceed for the second dose?
 Can you just see if there's someone else?
 can you just see what the section goes?
 Can you just see it for a second? Yes.
 Can you just see what the section goes...
