 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest property machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest fucking machine.
 Take me to the closest bathroom machine.
 Take me to the closest parking machine.
 Take me to the closest perfume machine.
 Take me to the closest proper machine.
 Take me to the closest fucking machine
 Take me to the closest popcorn machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest proffin machine.
 Take me to the closest property machine
 Take me to the closest production machine.
 Take me to the closest puppy machine.
 Take me to the closest propping machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest prophin machine.
 Take me to the closest pumpkin machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest left machine.
 Take me to the closest platform machine.
 Take me to the closest bathroom machine
 Take me to the closest protein machine.
 Take me to the closest profit machine.
 Take me to the closest Dr. Machine.
 Take me to the closest parking machine
 Take me to the closest problem machine.
 Take me to the closest option machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 Take me to the closest open machine.
 Take me to the closest option of shading.
 Take me to the closest proton machine.
 Take me to the closest proffin machine
 Take me to the closest bottom machine.
 Take me to the closest crafting machine.
 Take me to the closest perfume machine
 Take me to the closest weapon machine.
 Take me to the closest shopping machine.
 Take me to the closest proper machine
 Take me to the closest property machine...
 Take me to the closest buff machine.
 Take me to the closest fucking machine!
 Take me to the closest fucking machine...
 Take me to the closest button machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine?
 Take me to the closest population.
 Take me to the closest popular shade.
 Take me to the closest balcony machine.
 Take me to the closest performing machine.
