 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit
 Can we take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit
 Can you take me to the closet to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest or safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you dig me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CFD exit?
 Can you take me to the closes to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to a safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to Saturday exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to SFT exit?
 Can you take me to the closest of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest SFT exit?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closer to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exits?
 can we take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to SFTX it?
 Can you take me to the closest to septic acid?
 Can you take me to the closest to SFTxit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closest to self-dx it?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CFT exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to FDA exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest to Sephtea exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to Chef DXit?
 Can you take me to the closest to SFTx it?
 Take me to the closest to safety exit.
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest to 17x it?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit!
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest to self-dxit?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit you
 Can you take me to the closest to Chef DXID?
 Can you take me to the closest to Sephiexit?
 Can you take me to the closest to Chef Dxit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CFTX it?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit? You
 Can you take me to the closest to self-dxit?
 Can you take me to the closest to self-dx-it?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit!
