 When can we do this? It can be cool, but it won't change.
 When can we do this? It can be poor, but it won't change.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but it won't change.
 When can we do this? It can be cold, but it won't change.
 When can we do this, it can be cool, but it won't change.
 And when can we do this? It can be poor, but it won't change.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try it.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try.
 And when can we, there's a can be pulled out of one charge?
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to change.
 When can we, there's a can be pulled out of one charge?
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try it.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge it.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but it will not change.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge you.
 When can we do this? It can be poor, but it will not change.
 And when can we? There's a can be pulled out of one charge.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to change.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but it won't challenge me.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try and do it.
 When can we? There's a can be pulled out of one charge.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge it.
 When can we do this? It can be poor, but we want to change.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try and do it.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I want to challenge you.
 And when can we, there's a can be pulled out of one challenge?
 The wind can move there so it can be pulled out of one charge.
 I mean, can we, there's a can be pulled out of one charge?
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge you.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but it won't challenge me.
 A man can move there so he can be pulled out of one charge.
 And when can we? There's a can be pulled out of one challenge.
 When can we do this? It can be pulled out of one charge.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try to do it.
 And when can we do this? It can be pulled out of one charge.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but it will not change.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I want to try and do it.
 When can we do this? It can be poor, but it won't challenge me.
 When can we, there's a can be pulled out of one challenge?
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to try any more.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but I want to challenge you.
 And when can we do this? It can be poor, but we want to change.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but we want to try and do it.
 And when can we do this? It can be cool, but we want to try and do it.
 When can we do this? It can be called a normal challenge.
 When can we? There's a can be pulled out of one challenge.
 When can we do this? It can be cool, but I don't want to challenge me.
