 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Gotham machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest Kotlin machine.
 Take me to the Closest Gotham machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine
 Take me to the Closest Gotham Machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Take me to the closeest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closestcoffi machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the Clogest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the Closestcoffee machine.
 Take me through the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Clogest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine!
 Take me to the Closest Gotty machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine?
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me through the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Clogest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Kotlin machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine...
 Take me to the Closest Gothic Machine.
 Take me through the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine!
 Take me through the Closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Gotting machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine!
 Take me to the Closest Gotty Machine.
 Take me to the Closest Gothic machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest cutting machine.
