 Take me to Rulmo, what other than she is.
 Take me to Rolmo, one of them sheets.
 Take me to Rulmo, one of them sheets.
 Take me to Rulmo what other than she is.
 Take me to Rolmo, what other than she is?
 Take me to Rulmo one other than she is.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo, what other than she is?
 Take me to Rolmo, what other than she is.
 Take me to Rulmo one other than she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one of them cheeks.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo, one of them cheeks.
 Take me to Rulmo one another then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo one other than she is.
 Take me to Rolmo, one another, then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo one other than she's.
 Take me to Rulmo one other then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo one another, then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo, one another then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo one other than she's...
 Take me to Rolmo one another then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo one another, then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo, one other than she is.
 Take me to Rolmo one other then she's...
 Take me to Rolmo one other than she's...
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then she's.
 Take me to Rolmo, one other than she is.
 Take me to Rolmo, one other than she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one other than she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one other then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo, one another then she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then see us.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then cease.
 Take me to Rulmo one another then she's
 Take me to Rolmo, one another, then she's.
 Take me to Rulmo one another, then cease.
 Take me to Rulmo one other than she's
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then she is.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another then she is.
 Take me to Rulmo one another, then see us.
 Take me to Rulmo one another then she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another, then she's
 Take me to rural Moana eventually.
 Take me to Rolmo, one other then she's...
 Take me to Rulmo one other then she's
 Take me to Rolmo, one another then she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, what other than she's.
 Take me to Rulmo one other then she's.
 Take me to Rulmo, one another then she's
