 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest sector exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 can you take me to the closest safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take need to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safer exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe to exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safer exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 can you take me to the closest safe exit
 Can you take me to the closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me, to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe-to-exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit
 Can you take me to The Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest software exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safter exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest safest exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can You take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? ...
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can You Take Me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? .
