 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 They need to re-close this coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine.
 They made me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to re-close this coffee machine
 Take me to the closest scuffy machine.
 Take me to the closest goofy machine.
 They need to reclose this coffee machine.
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest guffy machine.
 Date me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Ko-fi machine.
 They need to re-close his coffee machine.
 They need to re close this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest guffi machine.
 Take me to the closest guffy machine.
 They need to be close to the coffee machine.
 Tade me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to replace this coffee machine.
 they need to re-close this coffee machine
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Leave me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to recluse this coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Save me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to disclose this coffee machine.
 They need to re-close this coffee machine...
 Tape me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine
 They need to re-close this coffee machine!
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 They need to re-close these coffee machines.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine?
 Take me to the closest Guffy machine.
 They need to enclose this coffee machine.
 They need to be the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Pay me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to request this coffee machine.
 They need to remove this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest cuffy machine.
 They need to close this coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest scuffy machine
 They eat me to the closest coffee machine.
