 What are your main reasons you've got to survive?
 What are your main reasons you can survive?
 What are your main missions?
 What are your main reasons you've ever seen?
 What are your main reasons you guys have made?
 What are your main teachings of Christ?
 What are your main missions in advance of the night?
 That's how your name is.
 What are your main reasons you've asked for?
 What are your main reasons you've answered?
 What are your main missions and events of the night?
 What are your main reasons you've got to say?
 That's how your main mission is in advance of your main mission.
 What are your main reasons?
 What are your main missions, you guys?
 What are your main niches and things of your life?
 What are your main missions and thanks for inviting me?
 What are your main teachings and thanks for inviting me?
 What are your main reasons you've had to survive?
 What are your main missions and things of your life?
 What are your main missions and thanks for joining us?
 What are your main missions in the past?
 What are your main missions in advance of the fight?
 What are your main reasons you've had?
 That's how your name is, and thanks for having me.
 What are your main teachings and things of your life?
 What are your main missions, and thanks for inviting me?
 What are your main missions and events?
 That's how your name is, and thanks for inviting me.
 What are your main teachings?
 That's how your name is, and thanks for your name.
 What are your main missions, and thanks for joining us.
 What are your main teachings and thanks for inviting me with you?
 What are your main missions and events of the game?
 What are your main teachings and thanks for joining us?
 What are your main issues?
 That's how your name is, and thanks for joining us.
 What are your main things in the past?
 What are your main missions, and thanks for inviting me with you?
 What are your main missions, and thanks for having me with you?
 What are your main reasons in the past?
 What are your main missions in advance of the game?
 What are your main teachings in the past?
 What are your main missions, and thanks for having me.
 What are your main reasons you've asked?
 What are your main teachings, and thanks for inviting me with you?
 That's how your main mission is in advance of the night.
 What are your main mentions of that?
 What are your main missions, and thanks for joining us?
 That's how your name is, and thanks for your time.
