 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest washing machine.
 I needed coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest guati machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest washing machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine!
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest guati machine.
 I needed coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest garden machine.
 I need a coffee! Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 I need a coffee take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a cookie. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest button machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest fucking machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest gothian machine.
 I need a coffee take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest watching machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest bathroom machine.
 I need a coffee Take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest party machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest bottle machine.
 I needed coffee. Take me to the closest washing machine.
 I need a coffee! Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee... take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest bottle of shit.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine...
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest garden machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest gothian machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest washing machine
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest fucking machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest bathroom ship.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest button machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest bottom machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the floor since the coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest guati machine
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest gothi machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest watching machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest gothin' machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest bathroom machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest bottle of shit.
 I needed coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest bottle machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest washing machine!
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest goth in the ship.
 I need a coffee Take me to the closest coffee machine.
