 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safe taxi?
 Can you take me to the closest safe to exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe that exit?
 can you take me to the closest safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe that exists?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 can you take me to the closest safe exit
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit
 Can you take me to the places to save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closest sector exit?
 Can you take me to the closest shift exit?
 Can you take me to the place to save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closed system safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest state exit?
 Can you take me to the closest shape that exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe day exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safet exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closest safe tech city?
 Can you take me to be closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safer exit?
 Can you take me to the places safe that exit?
 Can you take me to the closest thrift exit?
 can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest space that exists?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safe to exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safe electricity?
 Can you take me to the closest safe density?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest safe taxi.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safe degree?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
