 Would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please come to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please go to the reception
 Would you please come to the reception.
 Would you please come to the reception
 would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception?
 would you please go to the reception
 Would you please come to their reception?
 would you please come to the reception?
 Would you please come to the Reception?
 Would you please go to their reception?
 Would you please go to the reception...
 would you please come to the reception
 Which you please go to the reception.
 Would you please consider the reception?
 would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please come to the reception...
 Would you please go to the reception!
 Which you please go to the reception?
 Will you please go to the reception?
 Which you please come to the reception.
 Would you please go to the reception ?
 Will you please come to the reception?
 Which you please come to the reception?
 Could you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go through the reception?
 Would you, please, go to the reception.
 would you please come to the reception.
 Would you please contact the reception?
 Would you please, go to the reception.
 Would you please come to the reception ?
 Would you please come to the reception!
 Would you please go to the Reception.
 Would you, please, go to the reception?
 Could you please come to the reception?
 Would you please go to The Reception?
 Would you please consider a reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?"
 Would you please go to reception?
 Wouldn't you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception
 Would you please go into the reception?
 which you please go to the reception
 Which you please go to the reception
 Wouldn't you please come to the reception?
 Would you please come to the reception?"
 Would you please come to The Reception?
 Would you please come to do a reception?
