 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the 12th of safety exit?
 Can't you think it meets the closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can't you think it meets the 12th of safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the 12th of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truck at safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truth of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truck safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club at safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the club to safety exit?
 Can't you think it meets the truth of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truck of safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the club safety exit?
 Can't you think it means that you're the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Club of Safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the club at safety exit?
 Can you take me to the trophy safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truck or safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the truth of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the trust safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the truck at safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the truck or safety exit?
 Can you think it meets the closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the trothe safety exit?
 Can't you think it means that you are the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club as safety exit?
 Can you take me to the truck to safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the Club of Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can't you think meets the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the transit safety exit?
 Can you take me to the trucks safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club with safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can't you take me to the truck safety exit?
 Can you take me to the close safety exit?
 Can you think meets the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closed safety axis?
