 If you proceed to talk to me, I will be very connected with you.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'll be very connected with you.
 If you proceed to talk to us, do you agree with me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you hear me?
 If you proceed to talk to me, do you agree with me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you hear me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you recognize me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, do you agree with me?
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break me up?
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm going to break him out of here.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you recognize me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you make me laugh?
 If you proceed at all, can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm going to break him out of the way.
 If you proceed to talk to us, I will be very connected with you.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you hear me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break me away?
 If you proceed to talk to him, he will be very connected with you.
 If you proceed at all, can you hear me? Can you hear me?
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm going to break you up.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you do that?
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you recognize me?
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you hear me? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to us, do you agree with me?
 If you proceed at all, can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to me, do you agree with me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I will be very connected to you.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'll be very keen to meet you.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you break him out of the way?
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you break him out of your head?
 If you proceed to talk to us, do you agree with me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I am very keen to be there.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I will be very keen to meet you.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you very come out of here? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I am very keen to meet you.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break me?
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you break it? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you break him out of your head?
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm going to break you down.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm going to break you back.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you hear me?
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'll be very connected to you.
 If you proceed to talk to me, I'm gonna break him out of here.
 If you proceed to talk to us, do you agree? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you recognize me?
 If you proceed to talk to me, can you recognize me? Yeah.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you break him up? Yes.
 If you proceed to talk to us, can you break me up?
