 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance when the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from all the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance from those decals.
 Keep a bigger distance for all the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance for the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance when the obstacle is.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance for the obstacles.
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance under all of the coats.
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacle.
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance in the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance for all of the coats.
 Keep a bigger distance when the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance for no obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from your obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from all of the coats.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from all circles.
 Keep a bigger distance, from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from all the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from all obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance for those decals.
 Keep a bigger distance with all the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance when the obstacle's.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacle
 Keep a bigger distance under all circles.
 Keep a bigger distance from all of the colors.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance for all of the colors.
 Keep a bigger distance from all the obstacles!
