 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first.
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the first.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first time.
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the first.
 Keep the feet going since I know it's the first.
 Keep a feet goin' since we know it's the first.
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the first time.
 Keep the feet going, it's been so long for the future.
 Keep a feet goin' since I know it's the first.
 Keep a figure and it's been so long for the future.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the future.
 Keep a figure in this place, I know it's the first.
 Keep the feet going since I know it's the first time.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first!
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the future.
 Keep a figure in this and it's only all of the footage.
 Keep a feet goin' since I'm north of the beach.
 Keep a feet goin' since I'm north of the ocean.
 Keep a figure of this and it's only all of the footage.
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the first time.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first place.
 Keep the feet going since I'm north of the ocean.
 Keep the feet going since I'm north of the beach.
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the picture.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first one.
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first time!
 Keep a figure of this and some more of the footage.
 Keep a figure in this and it's all north of the ocean.
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the first one.
 Keep a feet goin' since we know it's the first!
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the first!
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the first!
 Keep the feet going since we know it's the first day.
 Keep a figure in this place, I know it's the first place.
 Keep a feet goin' since we know it's the first time.
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the future.
 Keep the feet going, it's been so long for the future!
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the first time!
 Keep a figure of this and it's all north of the ocean.
 Keep your feet going since we know it's the first place.
 Keep a fee goin' since I'm north of the beach.
 Keep a feet goin' since we know it's the future.
 Keep a figure in this and some more of the footage.
 Keep a figure and it's been so long for a picture.
 Keep a fee goin' since I'm north of the ocean.
 Keep a figure in this room, you'll have to go.
 Keep the feet going, this is how you know it's the first place.
 Keep a figure and it's been so long for the future!
 Keep a figure in this place, I'm not afraid.
 Keep a figure in this room, you'll have to finish.
