 Okay, you proceed to get a section of this.
 Can you proceed to get a section of this?
 Can you proceed?
 OK, you proceed to get a section of this.
 Can you perceive the perception of this?
 Can you proceed to get a session with us?
 Can you proceed to get a session? Yes.
 Can you proceed? Can you get a section of this?
 Okay, you proceed to get a session, yes.
 Okay, you proceed to get a session with us.
 Okay, can you proceed to get a section of this?
 Okay you proceed to get a section of this.
 Okay, you proceed to get a session, guys.
 Can you proceed to get a section? Yes.
 Can you proceed to this section? Yes.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section, yes.
 Can you proceed to get a section please?
 Can you proceed to get a session, please?
 Okay, you proceed to get a session, please.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section of this
 Okay, you proceed to get a section closer.
 Ok, you proceed to get a section of this.
 can you proceed to get a section of this?
 Okay, do you proceed to get a section of this?
 Okay. You proceed to get a section of this.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section west.
 Okay, will you proceed to get a section of this?
 Okay, you proceed, to get a section of this.
 Can you proceed to get a session please?
 Okay, you proceed to get a second place.
 Okay, you proceed to get a session. Yes.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section, please.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section please.
 Can you proceed with a section of this?
 Okay, you proceed to get a section. Yes.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section of this...
 Can you proceed to this section, please?
 Can you proceed to get a session?
 Can you proceed to get a section, please?
 can you perceive the perception of this?
 Okay, you proceed to get a session.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section of the list.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section first.
 Okay, you proceed, can get a section of this.
 Okay, you proceed to get a section box.
 Okay, you proceed to this section, yes.
 Can you proceed to get a second place?
 Okay, you proceed to get a section next.
 Can you proceed? Can you get a section? Yes.
 Okay, you proceed.
