 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance around the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance on the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance only obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance around the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance around the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance on the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance on all the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance in the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance, only obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacle.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance on the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance around all the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance only obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance around the obstacles!
 keep a bigger distance only obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under all circles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance around the obstacle.
 keep a bigger distance around the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance only off the coast.
 Keep a bigger distance from all the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance around all of the colors.
 Keep a bigger distance under all obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on all of the colors.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a bigger distance on all obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance and only obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance around the obstacles.
 keep the bigger distance on the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance under all of the colors.
 Keep a bigger distance under all the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on all the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance along the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacle
 Keep a bigger distance on the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance in the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance under obstacles
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance round the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance through the obstacles.
