 Thank you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Can you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 Thank you proceed to the reception desk.
 Can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Thank you proceed to the Reception desk.
 Can you proceed to the Reception desk?
 Thank you, proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Thank you proceed to the resection desk.
 Can you proceed to the resection desk?
 Thank you, proceed to the reception desk.
 Thank you proceed to the Reception Desk
 Thank you, proceed to the Reception desk.
 Thank you proceed to the Resection Desk.
 Can you proceed to the Resection Desk?
 Thank you proceed to the reception desk
 Thank you, proceed to the resection desk.
 Thank you proceed to the Reception desk
 Thank you, Proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Thank you, proceed to the Resection Desk.
 Thank you Proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Thank you proceed to the Resection desk.
 Thank you, proceed to the Reception Desk
 Can you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Will you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 can you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 You proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Can you proceed to the Resection desk?
 Did you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 Okay, you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 can you proceed to the reception desk?
 Thank you. Proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Can you proceed to the Reception Desk
 Thank you proceed to the resection desk
 And you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Thank you proceed to the Rejection Desk.
 Are you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 Then you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 can you proceed to the Reception desk?
 OK, you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 You proceed to the Reception desk.
 Thank you for listening to the Reception Desk.
 Can you proceed to the Rejection Desk?
 Thank you proceed to the Resection Desk
 Will you proceed to the Reception desk?
 Will you proceed to the reception desk?
 If you proceed to the Reception Desk.
 can you proceed to the resection desk?
 Do you proceed to the Reception Desk?
 Thank you, proceed to the Resection desk.
