 Check out the closest coffee machine.
 Take paint to the closest coffee machine.
 Take care to the closest coffee machine.
 Take height to the closest coffee machine.
 Take time to the closest coffee machine.
 Take it to the closest coffee machine.
 Take a bite to the closest coffee machine.
 They came to the closest coffee machine.
 Take paint to the closest coffee machine
 Take mine to the closest coffee machine.
 Okay, coming to the closest coffee machine.
 Takeout to the closest coffee machine.
 Checking to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking it to the closest coffee machine.
 Take care to the closest coffee machine!
 Check out the closest coffee machine!
 Take aim to the closest coffee machine.
 Take heed to the closest coffee machine.
 Check out the closest golf machine.
 Check out the closest coffee machine
 Take kind to the closest coffee machine.
 So you're coming to the closest coffee machine.
 Take hang to the closest coffee machine.
 Take care to the closest coffee machine
 So it came to the closest coffee machine.
 Take paint to the closest golf machine.
 Take aid to the closest coffee machine.
 Take note to the closest coffee machine.
 So coming to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take height to the closest golf machine.
 Take home to the closest coffee machine.
 Take height to the closest coffee machine
 Take cream to the closest coffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 Take time to the closest coffee machine
 Okay, going to the closest coffee machine.
 Take care to the closest golf machine.
 Take her to the closest coffee machine.
 Check it out to the closest coffee machine.
 Checking to the closest coffee machine
 Take out to the closest coffee machine.
 Check out to the closest coffee machine.
 They came to the closest coffee machine
 Take paint to the closest coffee machine!
 Take a bite to the closest coffee machine
 Takeout to the closest coffee machine
 Take time to the closest coffee machine!
 take care to the closest coffee machine
 Take care to the closest coffee-hashing.
