 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the MIDI room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room and go to toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet
 Exit the mid-year room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the city room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet
 Exit the material room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meeting room and go to toilet.
 Exit the new room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the military room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to toilet.
 Exit the meteor room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the museum room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go through toilet.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room and go through toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meeting room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the metal room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet
 Exit the mission room and go to toilet.
 Exit the Meteor Room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go through toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go through toilet.
 Exit the MIDI room and go to the toilet!
