 Would you please go to the reception?
 would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please go to the Reception?
 Would you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception.
 Could you please go to the reception?
 Which you please go to the reception.
 Will you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception...
 Would you please go to the reception?"
 Would you, please, go to the reception.
 Would you please go to reception?
 Would you please go to the reception ?
 which you please go to the reception.
 will you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception.
 would you please go to the Reception?
 Would you please go the reception?
 Did you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception!
 Would you please go to the Reception
 Would you please go to the reception? You
 Would you please go to the reception,
 Which, would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to The Reception?
 Would you please go to the reception? Please go to the reception.
 Which would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?
 Would you, please go to the reception.
 Which, please go to the reception.
 Would you, please go to the reception?
 would you please go to the reception...
 Would you please go to the reception…
 Would you, please, go to the reception?
 Would you please go to this reception?
 Would you please go to the perception?
 Wouldn't you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception? Thank you.
 Which, you please go to the reception.
 Which will please go to the reception.
 Which you please go to the reception
 With you, please go to the reception.
 would you please go to the reception,
 Would you please go to the reception?!
 will you please go to the reception.
 which you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception ?
 Would you please go to the reception...?
