 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the mission room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go through toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to a toilet!
 Exit the mission room and go to a toilet
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the mission room, and go to the toilet
 Exit the mission room, and go to a toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go through toilet
 Exit the mission room, and go through toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room and go to the toilet
 Exit the mission room and go through toilet!
 Exit the mission room and go to toilet.
 Exit the machine room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meeting room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the Mission Room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the mission room, and go to a toilet!
 Exit the meteor room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the Mission Room and go through toilet.
 Exit the missing room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meeting room and go through toilet.
 Exit the museum room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go through the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to The toilet.
 Exit the mission room, and go through toilet!
 Exit the material room and go to a toilet.
