 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest golfing machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Check me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take it to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take mine to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest golfy machine.
 Take me to the closest golfing machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest golfing machine!
 Take me to the closet's coffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 take me to the closest golfing machine.
 Take care to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest golfi machine.
 to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine
 Take them to the closest coffee machine.
 Take paint to the closest coffee machine.
 So take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest golf machine.
 take me to the closest golfing machine
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine!
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Check me out to the closest coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest golfing machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closing coffee machine.
 take it to the closest coffee machine.
 Stay coming to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closets coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me into the closest golfing machine.
 Take me to the closest goofy machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine
 Check me into the closest coffee machine.
 Takeening to the closest coffee machine.
 Take coming to the closest coffee machine.
