 Exit the material room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the military room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to the toilet!
 Accept the material room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meter rule and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet
 Exhivity room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the city room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to a toilet.
 Accept the material rule and go to the toilet.
 Exivity room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the new room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material rule and go to the toilet.
 Exit the Mission Room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the mission room, and go to the toilet.
 Exit the metal room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the meter room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to the toilet!
 Activity room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room and go to a toilet
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet!
 Exit the material room and go to toilet.
 Exit the mission room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the military room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter rule and go to the toilet
 Exit the Military Room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the military room and go to a toilet.
 Exit the material room, and go to a toilet.
 Accept the material room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meteor room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet
 Exit the museum room and go to the toilet.
 Accept the material room and go to a toilet.
 Accept the material room and go to the toilet!
 Exit the Meteor Room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the material room, and go to the toilet
