 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is going to be true?
 Help me to kill all of us and take control of the brothers and the children.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and kill all of us.
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather has been true?
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail. The other one is going to kill all of this.
 Help me to kill all of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail.
 Help me to kill all of this and take control of the brothers and the children.
 How many kawans are going to betray the brothers of the children?
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather has been changed?
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the brothers and the children.
 How am I going to kill all of this and take control of the brothers and the children?
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, your brother is going to kill all of this.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, the other one is going to kill all of this.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, your brother is going to kill you.
 How many kilometers do you take the trail? The weather is going to be true.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and take control of all of us.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take the trail, and the brother of us, and kill all of us.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, your brother is going to kill me.
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is going through?
 how many kilometers into the trail the weather is going to be true?
 how many kilometers into the trail the weather is going to be true
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, the weather is going to be true.
 How many kilometers into the trail would bother you to be true?
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is in control?
 Help me to kill all of us and take control of the brothers of the children.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail. The weather is going to be true.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take the trail, and the brother of us will be killed.
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is in turn?
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, your brother is going to kill us.
 Help me to kill all of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail
 Help me to kill all of us, and take the trail, and the mother of us, and kill all of us.
 Help me to kill all of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail to the
 How am I going to kill all of this to betray the brothers of the children?
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is in the train?
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is in true?
 Help me to kill all of us and take the trail. The brother of us will be killed.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and kill her.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and take care of all of us.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail. The other one is going to kill you.
 How am I going to kill all of this and take the trail? The weather is going to be true.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, the brother who is going to kill all of this.
 Help me to kill all of us and take the trail to the mother of us and take the trail to the mother of us.
 Help me to kill all of us and take control of the brothers and sisters.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, the other one is going to kill you.
 How many kilometers into the trail the weather is going to be true.
 Help me to kill all of us and take control of the mother of us and the children.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and take control of them.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail, your brother is going to kill all of this, you take the trail.
 How am I going to kill all of this? You take the trail. The other one is going to kill us.
 Help me to kill all of us, and take control of the mother of us, and kill us.
