 Can we take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closeest safety exit?
 Can we tell you to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closest safety exit
 Can we take you to the closest safety accident?
 Can we take you to the process safety exit?
 Can I take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take you to the closer safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closest safety exit.
 Can it take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you closer to the closest safety exit?
 can we take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can we take you into the closest safety exit?
 Can you tell you to the closest safety exit?
 can we take you to the closest safety exit
 Can we take you to the post as safety exit?
 Can you take it to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the coast of the safety exit?
 I'm going to take you to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take you to the closest safety expert?
 Can you tell me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closest safety exit ?
 Can we take it to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closer to safety exit?
 Can they take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take you to the closeest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closer safety exit
 Can we take you closer to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take you to the closest safety accident?
 Can we take you to the closest safety exit...
 Can we tell you to the closer safety exit?
 can you take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take you to the closest safety exit
 Can we take you to the closest safety asset?
 Can we take you to the closer safety exit.
 Can we take you into the closer safety exit?
 Gonna take you to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take you to the closest safety exits?
 Can we take you to the closest safety accent?
 Can we take you to the places safety exit?
 Going to take you to the closest safety exit?
 I'm gonna take you to the closest safety exit.
 Going to take you to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take you to the closes safety exit?
 Let me take you to the closest safety exit.
 Can he take you to the closest safety exit?
