 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Tell you me to the closest coffee machine.
 Tell me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 taking me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closed-list coffee machine.
 taken me to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the Clostest Coffee Machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest Ko-fi machine.
 You take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to their closest coffee machine.
 ...take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me to the closest coffee machine.
 to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. You
 Take me to the closest coffee machine."
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine
 tell you me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to your closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. you
 Takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 you take me to the closest coffee machine.
 takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed list coffee machine.
 Tak me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to that closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine!
 tell me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to our closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine you
