 Can you use the velocity of 10 kilos per hour?
 Can you use the velocity of take-offs?
 Can you use the velocity of ten kills?
 Can you use the velocity of 10 kilos for now?
 Can you use the velocity of take-out?
 Can you use the velocity of takedowns?
 Can you use the velocity of takeoffs?
 Can you use the velocity of takedowns for now?
 Can you use the velocity of ten kills for now?
 Can you use the velocity of 10 kills for now?
 Can you use the velocity of take-offs for all?
 Can you use the velocity of take-offs for all of you?
 Don't use the velocity of take-offs.
 Don't use the velocity, you have to take out the sparrow.
 Don't use the velocity, you have to take care of the sparrow.
 Can you use the velocity of tank house?
 Can you use the velocity of takeoffs for all of you?
 Can you use the velocity of take-offs for now?
 Can you use the velocity of tank house for now?
 Can you use the velocity you have to take out the sparrow?
 Can you use the velocity of ten kills for all of you?
 Can you use the velocity of ten kilos for now?
 Can you use the velocity of takedowns for all of you?
 Can you use the velocity of take-offs? No.
 Don't you use the velocity of take-offs?
 Don't use the velocity you have to take out the sparrow.
 I'm going to use the velocity of ten kills for now.
 Don't use the velocity, you'll have to take out the sparrow.
 Can we use the velocity of take-offs?
 Can you use the velocity of take-outs?
 Don't use the velocity, you'll have to take care of the sparrow.
 Can you use the velocity of 10 kills?
 Can you use the velocity of takedowns for all?
 Can you use the velocity of the tank house for now?
 Don't use the velocity, you have to take care of the squirrel.
 Don't use the velocity, you have to take care of this route.
 Can you use the velocity of 10 kilos for all of you?
 Can you use the velocity of takers?
 Can you use the velocity you have to take on this route?
 Don't use the velocity, you have to take care of yourself.
 Can you use the velocity of tensions?
 Don't use the velocity of takedowns for now.
 Don't give me some velocity, you have to take care of me.
 Don't use the velocity, you'll have to take care of this route.
 Don't use the velocity. You have to take out the sparrow.
 Don't use the velocity. You have to take care of the sparrow.
 Don't give me some velocity, you have to take care of us.
 Don't use the velocity, you'll have to take care of the squirrel.
 Don't use the velocity, you'll have to take care of yourself.
 Can you use the velocity of ten counts?
