 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the ossicles.
 and keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles!
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 Keep a bigger distance from the osticles.
 They keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles
 keep a big distance from the obstacles
 ...keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the ossicles.
 To keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 And keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from your obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. you
 keep it bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keeping a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles."
 Keep a bigger distance from the articles.
 So keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the hosticles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 keep a bigger distance from the osticles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Just keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep it bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance, from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the octopus.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. you
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. You
 But keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 key but bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the ossicles
 Keep a bigger distance from the ossicles
 Keeping a bigger distance from the obstacles.
