 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe deacts it?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety act seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-accid?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety outfit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safety activities?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safe deact seat?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety active?
 Can you take me to the closest safety acts it?
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-act seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safety act sit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 You take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident.
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-active?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can you take meat to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-accidant?
 Can you take me to the closest safety agent?
 Can you take me to the closest safe deaccid?
 Can you take need to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accept?
 Can you take me to the closest safe D-axis?
