 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet to coffee machine.
 take me to the closest to coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closet to coffee machine.
 take me to the closest to coffee machine
 Take me to the closet to coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machine
 take me to the closet to coffee machine
 take me to the closest of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest takofi machine.
 Take me to the closest Tukofi machine.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machine!
 Take me to the closet to coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest tikofi machine.
 Take me to the closest took coffee machine.
 take me to the closest takofi machine.
 take me to the closest Tukofi machine.
 Take me to the closets to coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest tukofi machine.
 Take me to the closest took off your machine.
 Take me to the closet, to coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest Kofi machine.
 Take me to the closest to Ko-fi machine.
 take me to the closest of coffee machine
 take me to the closest took coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest to Kofi machine.
 Take me to the closest takofimashian.
 take me to the closest tikofi machine.
 Take me to the closest tikofi machine.
 Take me to the closes to coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest takofimashin.
 take me to the closest tukofi machine.
 take me to the closest to coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest cupy machine.
 Take me to the closest Tokofi machine.
 take me to the closest Kofi machine.
 Take me to the closest to Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest took-offy machine.
 take me to the closest takofi machine
 take me to the closest to Kofi machine.
 Take me to the closest takofi machine.
 Take me to the closest Takofimashian.
 take me to the closest takofimashian.
