 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety axit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety acts it?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can your take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axes?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accit?
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 You take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety axe it?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Do you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest safety outfit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety activities?
 Can you tick me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 can you take me to the closest safety axis
