 What kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you mount?
 What kind of censor do you want?
 What kind of sensory do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensor do you want?
 what kind of sensor do you want
 What kind of cancer do you want?
 what kind of sensor do you mount?
 Okay. What kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want
 What kind of answer do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want?
 Okay, what kind of sensor do you want?
 But what kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want ?
 What kind of sensors do you mount?
 what kind of sensor do you mount
 What kind of sensory you want?
 What kind of sense are do you want?
 What kind of sense are you want?
 What kind of censor do you mount?
 What kind of sensor do you want?!
 What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of censored do you want?
 What kind of sense are the amount?
 what kind of censor do you want?
 what kind of sensory do you want?
 Okay. What kind of sensor do you mount?
 What kind of sensory do you mount?
 What kind of sensor do you mount? What kind of sensor do you mount?
 What kind of sensor do you mind?
 But, what kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want.
 What kind of sensor do you mount
 What kind of sensory do you want? What kind of sensory do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want??
 What kind of sensor do you want? Okay. What kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of censorship do you want?
 What kind of sensory do you want? What kind of sensory do you want? What kind of sensory do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you mount ?
 Okay, what kind of sensor do you mount?
 What kind of sensor do you want...
 what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want? Okay. What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want?
 what kind of sensor do you want ?
 but what kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you mount? What kind of sensor do you mount? What kind of sensor do you mount?
 What kind of sensor do you want? Okay, what kind of sensor do you want?
 What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of sensor do you want? What kind of
