 Then you will see the clear exception left.
 And you will see the clear exception left.
 Then you proceed with the exception left.
 Then you will see the closed option left.
 And you will see the closed option left.
 Now you will see the clear exception left.
 You will see the clear exception left.
 Can you proceed with the exception left?
 and you will see the clear exception left.
 And then you will see the clear exception left.
 And you proceed with the exception left.
 then you will see the clear exception left
 and you will see the clear exception left
 Then you will see the closed caption left.
 Then you will see the clear exception left
 And then you proceed with the exception left.
 And you can see the clear exception left.
 And you will see the clear exception last.
 I think you will see the clear exception left.
 And you will see the clear exception left
 Then you proceed with the exception last.
 Then you can see the clear exception left.
 And you will see the closed caption left.
 You can see the clear exception left.
 Then you will see the clear exception last.
 Then you will see the closed caption last.
 Then you will see the closed section left.
 Then you will see the closed action left.
 Then you proceed to the exception left.
 Now you will see the closed option left.
 then you will see the clear exception left.
 I hope that you will see the clear exception left.
 Then you will see the closed option last.
 And you will see the closed option last.
 And you will see the closed action left.
 You will see the closed option left.
 Thank you for seeing the clear exception left.
 Then you proceed with the exception left
 And you will see the closed caption last.
 That you will see the clear exception left.
 and you will see the closed option left.
 Now you proceed with the exception left.
 then you proceed with the exception left
 Then you proceed with exception left.
 Thank you for seeing the clear exception last.
 You can see the closed option left.
 then you will see the closed option left
 and you will see the closed option left
 Then you will see the closed captioned last.
 and then you will see the clear exception left.
