 Take me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closest to confirmation.
 Take me to the closest of coefficients.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machines.
 Take me to the closest you've got permission.
 Take me to the closest of corporations.
 Take me to the closest to corporations.
 Take me to the closest of good permission.
 Take me to the closest of good impressions.
 Take me to the closest to co-pubitions.
 Take me to the closest of good permissions.
 Take me to the closest to cook emissions.
 Take me to the closest to good conditions.
 Take me to the closest of confirmation.
 Take me to the closest to co-permissions.
 Take me to the closest to coefficients.
 Take me to the closest to co-commission.
 take me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closest of good commissions.
 Take me to the closest of co-pubitions.
 Gave me to the closest of good conditions.
 It would take me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest of your permission.
 It gave me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closest to coffee mushrooms.
 It took me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closet to cook emissions.
 Make me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the closest of good conditions
 Take me to the clothes as difficult conditions.
 take me to the closest of good conditions
 Take me to the closest to co-permission.
 Take me to the closest you've got permission!
 It'd take me to the closest of good conditions.
 Take me to the pleaser's difficult conditions.
 Take me to the closest of co-permissions.
 Take me to the closest to co-pamations.
 Take me to the closest to cooked emissions.
 Take me to the closest of good conditions!
 take me to the closest to co-pubitions.
 Take me to the closest to co-pirmations.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machines!
 Take me to the closest to cook and mushrooms.
 Take me to the closest of co-commission.
 Gave me to the closest to co-pubitions.
 Take me to the closest to co-permussions.
 Take me to the closest to confirmation!
 Take me to the closest to co-pubitions!
 Take me to the closest of good permission!
