 What do you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?
 Good, do you please go to the reception?
 Could you please go to the reception?
 Good you please go to the reception
 Good you please go to the reception.
 Good. Do you please go to the reception?
 Good, you please go to the reception.
 Good, do you please go to the reception.
 Good, will you please go to the reception?
 How do you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go to the reception
 Would you please go to the reception.
 Good! Do you please go to the reception?
 Good, do you please go to the reception
 good you please go to the reception
 Good. You please go to the reception.
 Would you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception
 what do you please go to the reception
 Good. Do you please go to the reception.
 Good that you please go to the reception.
 Good, you please go to the reception
 could you please go to the reception
 Good, will you please go to the reception.
 what do you please go to the reception?
 Good. Will you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go to the reception.
 Good do you please go to the reception?
 Do you please go to the reception?
 Goodly you please go to the reception.
 good do you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception?
 Good, are you pleased? Go to the reception.
 Good do you please go to the reception
 Good. Are you pleased? Go to the reception.
 Good to you, please go to the reception.
 But do you please go to the reception?
 Good, are you please go to the reception?
 Good you, please go to the reception.
 Good do you please go to the reception.
 Who do you please go to the reception?
 Could you please go to the reception.
 Could you please go to the reception
 Good will you please go to the reception.
 Good, will you please go to the reception
 Good will you please go to the reception
 Good will you please go to the reception?
 could you please go to the reception?
 Good. Do you please go to the reception
