 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you dig me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you thank me to the closest safety exit
 can you thank me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you tag me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you think me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to that closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you thank me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you tell me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closure safety exit?
 Could you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closure safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you tank me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the close safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 can you thank me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you thank me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to that location safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closeest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 Can you take me to that closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closer safety exit
 Can you thank me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you thank me to the close safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you give me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you thank me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you thanks me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you thank me to the closes safety exit?
 Could you thank me to the closest safety exit?
