 How long did it think of this new channel? That's a new channel.
 How long do you think of this new channel? That's a new channel.
 How long did you think of this new channel? That's a new channel.
 How long did it think of this new time? That's a new change.
 How long do you think of this new time? That's a new change.
 How long do we think of this new channel? That's a new channel.
 How long did he think of this new channel? That's a new channel.
 How long did it think of this new challenge? That's a new challenge.
 How long did it think of this new channel? That's a new channel!
 How long do you think there's a new time? That's a new change.
 How long do you think of this new channel? That's a new channel!
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what we've seen.
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what we've seen today.
 How long do we think of this new time? That's a new change.
 How long did you think of this new time? That's a new change.
 How long do we think this will each have? That's what we've seen.
 How long do you think this will be time? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think this will be time? That's what we've seen today.
 How long do you think this will each have?
 How long did he think of this new time? That's a new change.
 How long did it think of the same time? That's what we've seen.
 How long did you think of this new channel? That's a new channel!
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what you've seen today.
 How long do you think this will be time? That's what we've seen.
 How long did it think of this new child? That's a new change.
 How long do we think this will each have? That's what we've seen today.
 How long did it think of the same time? That's what we've seen today.
 How long do you think this will be time? That's what you've seen today.
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what you need to say.
 How long did you think it was for each other? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think of this new child? That's a new change.
 How long did it think it was for each other? That's what we've seen.
 How long did it think of this new child? That's a new child.
 How long did it think of the same time? That's what you've seen.
 How long did you think this will each have? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what we've seen here.
 How long do we think of this new channel? That's a new channel!
 How long do you think this will each have? That's what we need to say.
 How long did he think of this new channel? That's a new channel!
 How long do you think of this new channel? That's what you've seen.
 How long did it think of this new channel? That's what we've seen today.
 How long did it think it was for each other? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think this is going to be true? That's what we're going to say.
 How long did it think of the same time?
 How long do you think of the same time? That's what you've seen.
 How long did it think of this new challenge? That's a new challenge!
 How long do you think this will be time for you? That's what you've seen.
 How long do you think this is going to be true? That's what we've seen today.
 How long do you think of this new channel? That's what you've seen today.
