 Take me to Lofi Sertin.
 Take me to Lofi Sertin.
 Thank you for watching!
 Take me to Lofi's 13.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you next time.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next one.
 Thank you for watching, see you next time.
 Thank you for watching.
 They give me two of these 13.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
 They gave me two outfits for the team.
 Thank you for watching, see you next time!
 They gave me two of his 13.
 They gave me two of these 13.
 Thank you for watching, see you in the next video.
 They give me two outfits for the team.
 Thank you for watching, see you in the next one!
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next one!
 Thank you for watching, see you in the next one.
 They give me two of his 13.
 Take me to office for the team.
 Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you next time.
 Take me to Wolfie's 13.
 Thank you so much for watching!
 Thank you for watching, see you in the next video!
 Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
 Thank you very much for watching, and I'll see you next time.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you next time!
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next video. Bye bye.
 Take me to Lofie's 13.
 Thank you very much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
 Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next video!
 Thank you so much for watching, and I will see you next time.
 They give me two of these thirteen.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you next time, see you next time.
 Thank you for watching, I'll see you in my next video.
 Thank you very much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you for watching, see you soon.
 Take me to Wolfie Sertin.
 Thank you so much for watching, and I will see you in the next video.
 Take me to Sophie's 13.
 Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one!
 Thank you so much for watching, see you next time.
 Take me to Lofis Sertin.
 Thank you very much for watching, and I will see you in the next video.
 Thank you very much for watching, and I will see you next time.
 They gave me two of these thirteen.
 Thank you for watching, see you soon!
