 Take me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine
 Thank you to the closest copy machine.
 take me to the closest copy machine
 Take me to the closest copy machine!
 Then give me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Thank you me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest copy machine.
 Thank you to the closest copy machine!
 Take me to the closest kopu machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest cookie machine.
 Take me to the closest coping machine.
 Thank you me to the closest copy machine
 Take me to the closest couple machine.
 Take me to the closest copie machine.
 Thank you to the closest copy machine
 Thank you me to the closest copy machine!
 Thank you to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest puppy machine.
 They give me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest couple machines.
 Give me to the closest copy machine.
 Then give me to the closest coffee machine.
 Then, give me to the closest copy machine.
 Then give me to the closest copy machine
 Take me to the closest kopi machine.
 Thanks me to the closest copy machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Thank you me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Kapi machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine...
 then give me to the closest copy machine
 Thank you for the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest Koppie machine.
 give me to the closest copy machine.
 then give me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closed copy machine.
 Leave me to the closest copy machine.
 Then give me to the closest copy machine!
 Taking me to the closest copy machine.
 Thank me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest kopu machine
 take me to the closest copy machine!
 Take me to the closest copier machine.
 Take me to the closest cup of machine.
 Take me to the closest Kopy machine.
