 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my chin.
 I need a cup, take me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a cup. Take me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the kitchen, tap in my chin.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that will match me.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery store, take me to the grocery store.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer that we match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my chimney.
 I need a cup, take me to the closer that we match him.
 I need a cup, take me to the closer, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that'll be my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery coffee machine
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closer, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my chin
 I need a coffee, take me to the location, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a cup, take me to the closer, that will match me.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closure, definitely my team.
 I need a cup, take me to the closer, definitely my chin.
 I need a cup. Dang me to the closer, definitely my chin.
 I need a cup. Dang me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closer. That will match him.
 I need a cup. Take me to the closer, definitely my chin.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, definitely my chimney.
 I need a cup. Take me to the closer, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee. Dang me to the clothes. That would be my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that'll be my chimney.
 I need a cup. Take me to the closer, that will match me.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closure, that will match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closer, that will match me.
 I need a coffee. Dang me to the clothes. That would be my chimney.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery store, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes, that will match him.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that would be my team.
 I need a coffee. Dang me to the closer, that will match him.
 I need a coffee. Dang me to the clothes. That will match him.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closer, definitely my chimney.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, that will my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my chimp.
 I need a coffee, take me to the kitchen, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery, definitely my team.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closer, definitely my chin.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes and stuff in my gym.
