 Make your work because I think we are.
 Make your words because I think we are.
 Make your words because they're here.
 Make your work because I think we're here.
 Make your work, because I think we are.
 Make your words because I think we're here.
 Make your words, because I think we are.
 Make your work because that's how you react.
 Make your words because I hear you.
 Make your work, because that's how you react.
 Make your work with the February app.
 Make your work because they're here.
 Make your work, but that's how you react.
 Make your work because of the area.
 make your work because I think we are
 Make your work because that's where you're at.
 Make your work, because that's where you're at.
 Make your work, because I think we're here.
 Make your work because of that area.
 Make your words because I hear you, yeah.
 Make your work because you're here.
 Make your words, because I think we're here.
 Make your work because I think we are
 Make your work with the figure here.
 Make your work because that's where you are.
 Make your work, but definitely yeah.
 Make your work with the victory, yeah.
 Make your work, because that's where you are.
 Make your words because I can hear you.
 Make your words because I think we are
 Make your work because I can't hear you.
 Make your work because I hear you.
 Make your work because it's like a rear.
 make your work because I think we are.
 Make your work the time to be here.
 Make your words because I hear you yeah.
 Make your work, because that's where you're here.
 Make your work because I think we are...
 Make your work the time to react.
 Make your words disappear here.
 Make your words because I think we are...
 Make your words, because they're here.
 Make your words, but definitely yeah.
 Make your words because I hear ya.
 Make your work because that's where you're here.
 Make your work because of every year.
 Make your work. Make your work.
 Make your words because they're here
 Make your work because of the theory.
 Make your work because I think we're yeah.
