 Shaping to the closest cotton machine.
 Safety to the closest cotton machine.
 taking to the closest cotton machine.
 Shaking to the closest cotton machine.
 Shaping to the closest coffee machine.
 Safety is the closest cotton machine.
 Safety is the closest coffee machine.
 Safety to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking to the closest cotton machine.
 taking to the closest coffee machine.
 Shaking to the closest coffee machine.
 It's taking to the closest cotton machine.
 Shaping to the closest captain I've seen.
 Shaping to the closest Scottie machine.
 taking to the closest cotton machine
 Shaping to the closest costume I've seen.
 Shating to the closest cotton machine.
 Shaping to the closest cotton machine
 Safety is the closest Captain I've seen.
 Stating to the closest cotton machine.
 to the closest cotton machine.
 taking to the closest Scottie machine.
 Taking to the closest coffee machine.
 Shaping to the closest Captain I've seen.
 Cating to the closest cotton machine.
 shaping to the closest cotton machine.
 I'm taking to the closest cotton machine.
 taking to the closest captain I've seen.
 Saping to the closest cotton machine.
 Safety is the closest cotton machine in it.
 Thank you to the closest cotton machine.
 Shaking to the closest Scottie machine.
 Shaking to the closest captain I've seen.
 safety to the closest cotton machine.
 taking the closest cotton machine.
 Safety to the closest Scottie machine.
 taking to the closest coffee machine
 Caping to the closest cotton machine.
 This is the closest cotton machine.
 Safety is the closest carbonation in it.
 Shaping to the closest Scotti machine.
 Shaping to the closest coffee machine
 Safety is the closest cotton machine
 Safety is the closest coffee machine
 Taking to the closest Scottie machine.
 Safety is the closest cotton machine in here.
 Safety is the closest coffee machine in here.
 Safety to the closest cotton machine
 Shaking to the closest cotton machine
 Safety is the closest coffee machine in it.
