 What kind of sense is it?
 What kind of sense is this one?
 What kind of sense is that?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it?
 What kind of sense would you like?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it?
 What kind of sense is it all about?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it?
 What kind of sense is in the world?
 What kind of sense is this?
 What kind of sense will you find?
 What kind of sense is in the world? What kind of sense is in the world? What kind of sense is in the world?
 What kind of senses will you find?
 What kind of sense is in the world? What kind of sense is in the world?
 What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to be?
 What kind of senses would you like?
 What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to
 What kind of sense is there?
 What kind of sensors will you find?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to be?
 What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to be going to be going to be going to be
 What kind of sense is in the environment?
 What kind of sense?
 What kind of sense is all about?
 What kind of sense is going on?
 What kind of senses do you want?
 What kind of senses?
 What kind of sense does it look like?
 What kind of sense is in the fight?
 What kind of sense is going to be fun?
 What kind of sense is on the planet?
 What kind of sensors will it run?
 What kind of sense is it gonna be fun?
 What kind of sense is it going to be?
 What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors would you like?
 What kind of sense is it going to be fun?
 What kind of sense is wrong?
 What kind of sense will we find?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it going to be?
 What kind of sense is in the fun?
 What kind of senses will we find?
 What kind of sense is it going to be? What kind of sense is it going to be going to be?
 What kind of sense is in the world? What kind of sense is in the world? What kind of sense is in the world? What
 What kind of senses will it find?
 What kind of sense is it going on?
 What kind of sense would you love?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it? What kinds of sense is it?
 What kind of sense is in the moment?
 What kind of sense is it? What kind of sense is it all about?
