 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take meat with the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take mid to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take meat with the closest coffee machine
 Take Me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take mid-to-the-closest coffee machine.
 Take meat to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take it to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take meat with the closest coffee machine!
 Take meat with a closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Ko-fi machine.
 Take mid-to-the-closes to coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take them to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take myth to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me the closest coffee machine.
 Take Mir to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take myth with the closest coffee machine.
 Take mid-to-the-closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Thank you for watching.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 take meat with the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Thank you for watching!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. You
 Take mid to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. .
 Take me to the closest, coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine.
