 Can you reach the velocity of this?
 Can you reach the velocity of these things?
 Can you reach the velocity of the resistance?
 Can you reach the velocity of, take a look at this?
 Can you reach the velocity of the distance?
 Can you reach the velocity of the 3 days per hour?
 Can you reach the velocity of the leaves?
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we've discovered?
 Can you reach the velocity of the region this way?
 Can you reach the velocity of this movement?
 Can you reach the velocity of these things for now?
 Can you reach the velocity? Thank you very much.
 Can you reach the velocity of this? Thank you very much.
 Can you reach the velocity of the region this time?
 Can you reach the velocity of
 Can you reach the velocity of? Thank you very much.
 Can you reach the velocity? Thank you.
 Can you reach the velocity of, thank you, ladies and gentlemen?
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we need this for now?
 Can you reach the velocity of the nucleus?
 Can you reach the velocity of the resistance for that?
 Can you reach the velocity of the region this far?
 Can you reach the velocity of things living this way?
 Can you reach the velocity of? Thank you.
 Can you reach the velocity of, take a look at this for now?
 Can you reach the velocity of this? Thank you.
 Can you reach the velocity of the region?
 Can you reach the velocity of, thank you for that?
 Can you reach the velocity?
 Can you reach the velocity of thickness?
 Can you reach the velocity? Thank you. Thank you.
 Can you reach the velocity of taking the distance?
 Can you reach the velocity of, take a look at this phenomenon?
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we've used this for now?
 Can you reach the velocity of, thank you very much for that?
 Can you reach the velocity of thank you for that?
 Can you reach the velocity of the weakness?
 Can you reach the velocity of the frequency of this phenomenon?
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we need to spend on?
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we need to spend?
 Can you reach the velocity of, thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we've described?
 Can you reach the velocity of this? Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 Can you reach the velocity of, thankfully, this phenomenon?
 Can you reach the velocity of, take a look at this.
 Can you reach the velocity of, thank you very much.
 Can you reach the velocity? Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Can you reach the velocity of things that we've experienced?
 Can you reach the velocity of, take a look at this panel?
 Can you reach the velocity of the radius?
