 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles!
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 keep a bigger distance from their obstacles
 Keep a big distance from their obstacles
 keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from their obstacles!
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles...
 keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles...
 ...keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from those circles.
 Keep a big resistance from their obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from there obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles..
 keep a big distance from their obstacles
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles!
 Keep the big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big instance from the obstacles.
 It keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 ...keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a big a distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles…
 Keep a big additional distance from the obstacles.
 keep a big distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a big existence from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from their obstacles...
 Keep a big distance from those circles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a big addition from the obstacles.
 Give a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles
