 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes the safety exit?
 Can you take meat to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meet the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take meets the closest safety exit?
 can you take meat the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take meat, the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat at the closest safety exit?
 Can you take the closest safety exit?
 can you take meat the closest safety exit
 Can you take meat to close the safety exit?
 Can you take meat to close this safety exit?
 Can you take meat the closest safety exit
 Can you take a meet the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat the closest safety exit.
 Can you take meat to close as safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes a safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes to the safety exit?
 can you take meat that closes safety exit?
 Can you take me at the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 can you take meat that closes the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take a meet at the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat, the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take mid to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you dig me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to take the closest safety exit?
 can you take meat that closes safety exit
 Can you take meat that closes the safety exit.
 Can you take meat that closes Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take meat that closes the safety exit
 Can you take meat that closes the Safety Exit?
 Can you take meat that closes safety exit
 can you take meat to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take meat to close safety exit?
 can you take meat that closes the safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
