 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They give me to the closest coffee machine.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine.
 They can meet with the closest coffee machine.
 They get me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 They give me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Make me to the closest coffee machine.
 I take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 You take me to the closest coffee machine.
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 We take me to the closest coffee machine.
 It took me to the closest coffee machine.
 They make me to the closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the clothes as a coffee machine.
 they give me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closeness of coffee machine.
 to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They gave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine
 They took me to the closest coffee machine.
 They give me to the closest coffee machine!
 They take me to the closest coffee machine
 They can be to the closest coffee machine.
 They'll take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine!
 taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take meat with the closest coffee machine.
 They can meet with the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 they give me to the closest coffee machine.
 they take me to the closest coffee machine
 and take me to the closest coffee machine.
 taking me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest copy machine.
 They came to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest, coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet's coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closeest coffee machine.
 They get me to the closest coffee machine
