 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles
 keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 keep a big distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 and keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from their obstacles.
 ...keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from their obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 And keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 So, keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 So keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from there obstacles.
 Keep the big distance from the obstacles.
 a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Just keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles..
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles...
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles…
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 KEEP a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles You
 To keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. You
 Keep a bigger distance, from the obstacles.
 Keep a big instance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles."
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. .
 So keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big air distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 keep a big distance from the obstacles!
