 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 It keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles.
 Give a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the upstairs.
 It keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 a bigger distance from the obstacles
 I keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keith, a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 give a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from their obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 it keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles
 He keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance than the obstacles.
 It keeps a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles...
 ...keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles..
 Give a bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 I keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Key for a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 They keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from there obstacles.
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 A bigger distance from the obstacles.
 We keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Give a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep, a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 it keeps a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big instance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles, and
 give a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a big resistance from the obstacles
