 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 50 exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest 60 exit?
 Can you take me at the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take meat the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest fifty exit?
 Can you take me to take the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closers safety exit?
 Can you take me to take loads of safety exit?
 Can you take the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me the closest 50 exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take meets the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 50% exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest50 exit?
 can you take me to the closest 50 exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest sixty exit?
 Can you take me to the closer to safety exit?
 Can you take me to technology safety exit?
 Can you take meat to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take meat that closes to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest 50 exit
 Can you take me to the closest to 50 exit?
 Can you take me take the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest at safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest CFT exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 50 exit
 can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closers to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer 50 exit?
 Can you take me take loads of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest 50 eggs?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closer to 50 exit?
 can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 can you take me the closest safety exit
 Can you take meat the closest 50 exit?
