 What kind of sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of senses do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to?
 What kind of sensors do you want
 what kind of sensors do you want
 What kind of sensors do you want to do?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want.
 what kind of senses do you want?
 What kind of census do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to
 What kind of sensor do you want?
 What kinds of sensors do you want?
 Okay, what kind of sensors do you want?
 And what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of senses do you want to?
 what kind of sensors do you want to?
 What kind of sensors do you want ?
 What kind senses do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to know?
 What kind of sensors did you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want...
 What kind of sensors do we want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to...
 What kind sensors do you want?
 what kind of sensors do you want to
 what kind of sensors do you want.
 What kind of sensors do you want, too?
 What kind of sensors does anyone want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to do? What kind of sensors do you want?
 Okay. What kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of censors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to use?
 What kind of sensors do you want? Yeah, what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want to?
 So what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to get?
 But what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to go?
 What kind of sensors do you want? What kind of sensors do you want.
 What kind of sensors do you want to be?
 what kind of sensors do you want to do?
 and what kind of sensors do you want?
 What kind of senses do you want to do?
 What kind of sensors will you want?
 What kind of sensors do you want to take?
 What kind of senses do you want
 What kind of sensors do you want to.
 What kind of sensors do you want to go to?
