 Take me to the closest coffee nation.
 Take me to the closest coffee nation
 Take me to the closest coffin nation.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the shoe.
 Take me to the closest cafe nation.
 Take me to the closest calf in the shoe.
 Take me to the closest calf in the shin.
 Take me to the closest coffin nation
 Take me to the closest calf in the ship.
 take me to the closest coffee nation
 Take me to the closest calf in the sheen.
 Take me to the closest cafe nation
 Take me to the closest calf in nation.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the shin.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the shoe
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 Take me to the closest calf in the ocean.
 Take me to the closest calf in the machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest calf in the shoe
 Take me to the closest cuff in the machine.
 Take me to the closest caffeine nation.
 Take me to the closest calf in machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee nation!
 Take me to the closest cuff in the sheen.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the ship.
 Take me to the closest cuff in machine.
 Take me to the closest calf in the shin
 Take me to the closest cuff in nation.
 take me to the closest coffee nation.
 take me to the closest coffin nation
 Take me to the closest calf in the sheep.
 Take me to the closest calf in the ship
 It takes me to the closest coffee nation.
 Take me to the closest car finish.
 Take me to the closest calf in the sheen
 Take me to the closest café nation.
 Take me to the closest cuffing nation.
 Take me to the closest calf in nation
 Take me to the closest calf in the ocean
 Take me to the closest calf in national.
 take me to the closest cuff in the shoe
 take me to the closest cafe nation
 Take me to the closest coffee nation...
 Take me to the closest caffeine nation.
 Take me to the closest calf in nature.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the shin
 It take me to the closest coffee nation.
 take me to the closest calf in the shoe
 Take me to the closest calf in the pond.
