 I'll make you the closest next year.
 I made you the closest next year.
 I'll make sure that close is the next one.
 We'll make sure that close is the next one.
 I'm going to make sure that close is the next one.
 I'll make you the closest next one.
 Make sure that close is the next one.
 I'll make sure the close is the next one.
 We'll make you the closest next year.
 I made you the closest that's it.
 I'll make you the closest next time.
 I'll make sure that close is the next one
 I'll make you the closest next year
 I'll make you the closest that's it.
 I made you the closest accent.
 We'll meet you at the closeest next year.
 We made you the closest next year.
 I made you the closest next year
 I'll make sure the glue is the next one.
 I'm going to make sure the glue is the next one.
 We'll meet you the closest next year.
 I'm going to make sure that close is the next one
 We'll make sure the glue is the next one.
 I made you the closest next one.
 I'm going to check the closest next one.
 I made you the closest next time.
 We'll make sure that close is next time.
 We'll make sure that close is next.
 I'm going to show you the closer the next one.
 We'll make sure that close is the next one
 It makes you the closest next year.
 We'll meet you at the closeest next time.
 I'll make sure that close is next.
 I'm going to check the gloves as well.
 I'll make sure that close is next time.
 I'm going to make sure the floor is the next one.
 We'll make sure the close is next.
 I'll make you the closest accent.
 I'm going to shoot the gloves as well.
 I'm going to make sure that close is next time.
 I'm going to make sure that close is next.
 I'll make sure the close is next.
 We'll make you the closest next one.
 I'm reaching the closest next year.
 I'll make you the closest next one
 I'm going to check that close as I can.
 I made you the closest vaccine.
 I'll make sure the glue is as nice as I am.
 I'll make you the closest next year!
 I'll make sure the close is the next one
