 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to your closest safety exit?
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to their closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me through the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 And can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take it to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 ...can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? ...
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?'
 can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety agent?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 Can you take me to close this safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit..
 You take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident.
 can you take me to the closest safety axis?
