 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest security exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accept?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest take the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety asset?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest thank you exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take it to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety agent?
 Can you take me to the closest, take the exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident.
 Can you take me to the closest icky exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety acid?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest taxi exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety asset
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest sexy exit?
 Can you take me to the closest they can exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest daily exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 can you take me to the closest safety accent
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
