 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And the coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the grocery store.
 I need a coffee, take me to the pier of this coffee machine.
 And your coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the pier of this coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery store.
 And the coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 And you love coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And your coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And you have coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And the coffee take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And the coffee. Take me to the grocery store.
 And you have coffee. Take me to the grocery store.
 And you love coffee. Take me to the grocery store.
 I need a coffee, take me to the pier of this coffee machine
 And the coffee, take me to the grocery store.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the place of this coffee machine.
 and your coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And you have coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the place of this coffee machine.
 And it's coffee. Take me to the grocery store.
 and the coffee take me to the closest coffee machine
 And you love coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And the coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 and your coffee take me to the closest coffee machine
 And your coffee, take me to the grocery store.
 and your coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee, take me to the grocery store here.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the grocery store. Thank you.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee restaurant.
 and the coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the pier of this coffee.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee restaurant.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine!
 And you have coffee, take me to the grocery store.
 and the coffee take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. Take me to the grocery store here.
 and your coffee take me to the closest coffee machine.
 And your coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee, take me to the pier of this coffee.
 And the coffee take me to the closest coffee machine
 and the coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 And you love coffee. Take me to the grocery store. Thank you.
 And you have coffee. Take me to the grocery store. Thank you.
 And the coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine!
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest cafe machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the pier of this coffee machine!
