 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest cuffing machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest cuff in the shoe.
 Take me to the closing coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine, and take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine?
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closeest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closeness coffee machine.
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Taked me to the closest coffee machine.
 Takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest cuff in the ship.
 ...take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine....
 Take me to the closest coffee machine ...
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffin machine
 Take me to the closet's coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closiest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest cuffy machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine !
 Take me to the closes coffee machine
 Take me to the closest cuffing machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine."
 Take me to the closest coffeemer ship.
 Take me in to the closest coffee machine.
 I take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. I'll take you to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine...
