 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights of width?
 What's your dimension in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights of it?
 What is your dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights of width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights in width?
 what's your dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and weight?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights of it?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights?
 What's your dimensions, in terms of heights and width?
 What is your dimension in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions and terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights of weight?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights in which?
 Also your dimensions in terms of heights and width.
 What's the dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and width
 We'll see your dimensions in terms of heights and width.
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights, and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights in width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights or width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and width.
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights in here?
 What's your dimension in terms of heights of width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights and weight?
 what's your dimensions in terms of heights and width
 What's your dimension in terms of height and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights in it?
 What is your dimensions in terms of heights of width?
 What's your dimension, in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights of height?
 Also, your dimensions in terms of heights and width.
 what's your dimensions in terms of heights of width?
 What are your dimensions and terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions and sense of heights and width?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights in view?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and height?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights a bit?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights and width ?
 What are your dimensions in terms of heights in which?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights on it?
 what are your dimensions in terms of heights and width?
 What's your dimension in terms of heights of it?
 What's your dimensions in terms of heights of heat?
