 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closer safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the close to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe at the exit?
 Can he take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe to the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the coast of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe to exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closer safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe of the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe in the exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit
 can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the close of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can he take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closer safety exit
 Can you take me to the closer safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety actually?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safe, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit.
 Can you take me to the close and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe for the exit?
 Can you take me to the poster safety exit?
 Can you take me to the close to safety accident?
 Can he take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest city?
 Can you take me to the closer, safe, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety actually?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the closest safety officer?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safe galaxy?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safe of the accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident
 Can you take me to the closest safe deoxy?
 can you take me to the closer safe the exit?
