 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the close to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety action?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Accent?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Accent?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exet?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Action?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exet?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Action?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety actions?
 Can you take me to the close of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exchange?
 Can you take me to the closed to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest-safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You
 can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closier Safety Exit?
 Could you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Accident?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Expert?
 Can you take me to the Closes safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Actions?
 Can you take me to the Closes Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closer, safety exit?
