 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the close to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can he take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the Closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Accent?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the close to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exet?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest-safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Accent?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exet?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the Closier Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe the exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exits?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the Closes Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Could you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe de-exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safe the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the closer, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Can you take me to the closest safety exits?
 Can you take me to the Closes safety exit?
