 Would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception
 would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception?
 would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please go to the reception? Would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to reception?
 Would you please go to the reception ?
 Would you please go to the reception...
 Will you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?
 What'd you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception.
 Would you please go to the reception!
 Would you, please, go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception? Or would you please go to the reception?
 Would you, please, go to the reception.
 Would you, please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception? What would you please go to the reception?
 Which you please go to the reception.
 What do you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?"
 Would you please guide to the reception?
 Would you please go to The Reception?
 Which you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to this reception?
 Would you please go to the reception,
 would you please go to the Reception?
 Would you please go to the Reception
 Would you please get to the reception?
 Would you please, go to the reception?
 Would you please go through the reception?
 What would you please go to the reception?
 Would do you please go to the reception?
 Could you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception..
 would you please go to the reception ?
 Would you please go to the reception? Would you please go to the reception.
 Would you please go the reception?
 Wouldn't you please go to the reception?
 ...would you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception?!
 Would YOU please go to the reception?
 Would ye please go to the reception?
 Would you please goes to the reception?
 Would you please go to the reception? What did you please go to the reception?
 Would you please, go to the reception.
 would you please go to the reception you
