 Can you take me to the closet safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safely accident?
 Can you take me to the closet safely, exit?
 Come you take me to the closet safely exit.
 Come and take me to the closest city exit.
 Come you take me to the closest city exit.
 Can you take me to the closeest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safely?
 How do you think we do the closest safety exit?
 Come and take me to the closet safely exit.
 Can you take me to the closest ship in the exit?
 Come and take me to the closest safety exit.
 Come you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet safely? Yes, it is.
 Come you take me to the closet safely exit
 Come to take, we do the closest safety exit.
 Come and take me to the closet safely, exit.
 Come here, take me to the closet safely, exit.
 come you take me to the closet safely exit
 Come you take me to the closet safely, exit.
 Come you think we do the closest safety exit?
 come here take me to the closet safely exit
 Come to take me to the closet safely exit.
 Come to take me to the closest city exit.
 Come you take, we do the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet safely? Yes, it's true.
 Come you take me to the closet safely, exit?
 come you think we do the closest safety exit?
 How do you think we do the closest safety accident?
 Come and take me to the closeest city exit.
 Come, you take me to the closet safely, exit.
 Come to take me to the closet safely, exit.
 Can you take me to the closet?
 Come and take me to the closet safely exit
 Come you take me to the closet safely accident.
 Come you take me to the closest city exit
 Come you take me to the closeest city exit.
 Come, you take me to the closet safely exit.
 Come you take me to the closet safely exit!
 Come and take me to the closest city exit
 can you take me to the closet safely exit?
 Come here, take me to the closet safely exit.
 Come and take me to the closet safely accident.
 Come you take me to the closer surface you exit.
 Couldn't you take me to the closest city exit?
 Come and take me to the closet safely, I accept.
 Can you take me to the closet safely? Yes.
 Come here, take me to the closet, sit here, sit here.
