 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 They took me to the closest coffee machine.
 They led me to the closest coffee machine.
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine
 They'd lead me to the closest coffee machine.
 They made me to the closest coffee machine.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine
 they lead me to the closest coffee machine
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 They make me to the closest coffee machine.
 they lead me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 they take me to the closest coffee machine
 they take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They give me to the closest coffee machine.
 They took me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 They move to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to go to the closest coffee machine.
 Thanks me to the closest coffee machine.
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine!
 They've made me to the closest coffee machine.
 They gave me to the closest coffee machine.
 They made me do the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Date me to the closest coffee machine.
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine...
 take me to the closest coffee machine...
 they took me to the closest coffee machine
 They eat me to the closest coffee machine.
 They feed me to the closest coffee machine.
 They get me to the closest coffee machine.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffin machine.
 They add me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 They make me do the closest coffee machine.
 they took me to the closest coffee machine.
 Then take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They made to the closest coffee machine.
