 We thought you were going to learn to read.
 We thought you were going to learn to meet.
 We thought you were going to learn from me.
 We thought you were going to learn some weeks.
 Look how you're going to learn from me.
 You thought you were going to learn from me?
 We thought you were gonna learn to read.
 You thought you were going to learn to read?
 We thought you were going to learn from weeks.
 We thought you were going to learn to read?
 Look how you're going to learn to meet.
 Look how you're going to learn to read.
 We thought you were gonna learn from me.
 We thought you were gonna learn to meet.
 We thought you were going to learn some music.
 You thought you were going to learn to meet?
 Look how good you're going to learn from me.
 We thought you'd only learn to read.
 You thought you were gonna learn to read?
 We thought you were going to learn to weep.
 We thought you were going to learn from me?
 Look how you're gonna learn from me.
 You thought you were gonna learn from me?
 We thought you were going to learn from which.
 Good time you're going to learn from me.
 Who thought you were going to learn from me?
 We thought you were going to learn from each.
 You thought you were going to learn some weeks?
 Look how you're going to learn from me!
 We found you're gonna learn to meet.
 We thought you'd only learn to meet.
 We thought you were going to learn some ways.
 Good time you're going to learn to meet.
 Look how you're going to learn some weeks.
 We thought you were going to learn how to read.
 We thought you were going to learn from wheat.
 We thought you were going to learn to read
 Look how you're going to learn from weeks.
 We thought you were gonna learn some weeks.
 We thought you were going to learn too much.
 We found you're going to learn to meet.
 We thought you were going to learn from which?
 Look how you're gonna learn to read.
 We thought you were going to learn to win.
 We thought you were going to learn from this.
 We thought you were going to learn to meet?
 We thought you were gonna learn to read?
 we thought you were going to learn to read
 It looks like you're going to learn to read.
 We found you're gonna learn from me.
