 What kind of songs I love today?
 What kind of songs I want to know?
 What kind of sunset I want to know?
 What kind of songs I want to know about you?
 What kind of sunset I'm out of here?
 What kind of sense would I like to know?
 What kind of sense does it look like?
 What kind of sense does it all have to do?
 You are kind of so sad I love you.
 What kind of sense does I want to know?
 You're kind of so sad I love you.
 What kind of thoughts I want to know?
 What kind of sense does it all have to do with it?
 What kind of songs does I want to know?
 What kind of songs I want to know about it?
 What kind of sounds does it all have to do?
 What kind of songs does it all have to do with it?
 What kind of songs I love tonight?
 What kind of senses I want to know?
 What kind of songs does it all have to do?
 What kind of sense I want to know?
 What kind of sounds does it all have to do with it?
 What kind of sounds I want to know?
 What kind of sounds does it look like?
 What kind of social love do you want to know?
 What kind of songs I love you?
 What kind of songs I love to do?
 What kind of sausage I want to eat?
 What kind of songs does I want to know about you?
 What kind of songs I want to do?
 What kind of sense does it all have to be?
 You're kind of so sad I'm out of here.
 What kind of sense would I love to know?
 What kind of sunset I want to do?
 What kind of sense would I love to do?
 What kind of social love do you want?
 What kind of sense is I want to know?
 What kind of sounds I want to know about you?
 What kind of thoughts I want to know about you?
 What kind of sense does I want to know about you?
 You're kind of so sad I'm out to you.
 What kind of sunset I want to know about you?
 What kind of sense would I want to know?
 You're kind of so sad I want to.
 What kind of songs do I want to know?
 What kind of senses I want to know about you?
 What kind of songs did I want to know?
 You are kind of so sad I want to.
 What kind of sense has I loved you?
 You are kind of so sad I'm out of here.
