 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take which of the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety excerpt?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can we take it to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Come and take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take we do the closest safety exit?
 Can we take this to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the pulse of safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can I take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can we take you to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closeest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can I take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accept?
 Come to take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the process safety exit?
 Can you take me to the process of safety exit?
 Come here, take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take, we do the closest safety exit?
 Come and take me to the closest safety exit
 Could you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me through the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the positive safety exit?
 Can they take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take them to the closest safety exit?
 Come you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take it to the closest safety exit?
 can we take you to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take we to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closing safety exit?
 Can we take the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Plaza safety exit?
 Can you take me to the poses safety exit?
 can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closest safety excerpt?
 Can you take me to the closest safety asset?
