 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? How do you do it?
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How do you do it?
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I'm going to move.
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I want to move!
 What kind of dimensions do you want to say? I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I want you to move.
 What kind of emotions are you going to say? I want to move.
 What kind of emotions are you going to see? I want to move.
 We're done with the dimensions of the answer. I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How are you doing with it?
 We're done with the dimensions of the answer, I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't know.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? How do you do it?
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't think we're going to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How do you do this?
 We're done with the dimensions of the galaxy, I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I'm going to move.
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I want to move...
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I want to move!
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? How do you do you want to move?
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I want to meet you.
 We're done with the dimensions of the galaxy. I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I want you to move.
 What kind of emotions are you going to say? I want to meet you.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't know what to do with it.
 What kind of emotions are you going to see? I'm going to move.
 What kind of emotions are you going to see? I want to meet you.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How are you doing with me?
 What kind of emotions are you going to say? I'm going to move.
 We're done with the dimensions of the dancing. I want to move.
 What kind of generations have you been seeing? I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't do anything.
 What kind of generations have you been seeing? How do you do it?
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I don't know.
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? I want to move it.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I don't know.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I'm doing it.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't know what you mean.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How do you do you?
 What kind of generations have you been seeing? I want to meet you.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? I don't know what it means.
 We're done with the nations in the country. I want to move.
 What kind of dimensions are you going to see? How are you doing with this?
 What kind of emotions are you going to say? I don't know what to do with it.
 What kind of dimensions do you want to see? How do you do you?
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I want to move!
 What kind of dimensions are you going to say? I don't know what you mean.
