 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 is it possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It is possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine
 it's possible to reach a coffee machine
 it's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine
 This is possible to reach a coffee machine.
 is possible to reach a coffee machine.
 is it possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's a possible to reach a coffee machine.
 is possible to reach a coffee machine
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine
 It is impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine...
 It is possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine!
 it's impossible to reach a coffee machine
 Is it possible to reach the coffee machine?
 It's possible to reach the coffee machine.
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine!
 it's impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine...
 is it possible to reach a coffee machine.
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine.
 it is possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's the possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine,
 It is a possible to reach a coffee machine.
 it is possible to reach a coffee machine.
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 This is possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's impossible to reach the coffee machine.
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine...
 is it possible to reach the coffee machine?
 It's a possible to reach a coffee machine
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine ?
 Is the possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It is possible to reach the coffee machine.
 it's possible to reach a coffee machine...
 is possible to reach a coffee machine?
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine,
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine?
 Is that possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It is impossible to reach a coffee machine
 Is possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It is possible to reach a coffee machine...
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine
