 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crisis safety exit?
 Can it take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the classes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross of safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the class's safety exit?
 Can it take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the process safety exit?
 Can it take me to the cross the safety exit?
 Can it take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can we take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the across the safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the class of safety exit?
 Can it take me to the cross's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Cross's safety exit?
 Can we take me to the cross the safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cruises safety exit?
 Can you take me to the causes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the club's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crossy safety exit?
 Can we take me to the cross's safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crazy safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crosse safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the class safety exit?
 can you take me to the cross the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crosses safety exit?
 Can it take me to the crisis safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 can it take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crosses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the classic safety exit?
 can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross-safety exit?
 Can we take me to the crisis safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cruiser safety exit?
 Can it take me to the classes safety exit?
 Can you take me to across the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Kras' safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you take me to the cross the safety exit
