 What are your overall lens and width?
 What are your overall lands and wheat?
 What are your overall lands and width?
 What are your own little lands and wheat?
 What are your overall length and width?
 What are your overall lands in wheat?
 What are your overall lands and weeds?
 What are your old little lands and wheat?
 What are your overall land and wheat?
 What are your own little land and wheat?
 What are your own little lens and width?
 What are your open land and wheat?
 What are your overall lands and wits?
 What are your openable lands and wheat?
 What are your overall lands and wit?
 What are your open old lands and wheat?
 What are your overall lands and with?
 What are your overall lens and weight?
 What are your own little lands and weeds?
 What are your own little lands and width?
 What are your overall lengths and width?
 What are your own fellow lands and wheat?
 What are your open-level lands and wheat?
 What are your orbital lens and width?
 What are your open little lands and wheat?
 What are your overall land and width?
 What are your open lands and wheat?
 What are your own little lands in wheat?
 What are your overland and wheat?
 what are your overall lens and width?
 What are your overall lands in width?
 What are your open-able lands and wheat?
 What are your local lands and wheat?
 What are your orbital lands and wheat?
 What are your open or lands and wheat?
 What are your own little lands and wits?
 What are your other land and wheat?
 What are your older lands and wheat?
 What are your old little lands in wheat?
 What are your overall lands, and wheat?
 What are your open or land and wheat?
 What are your open-level lands and width?
 What are your old little lands and width?
 What are your overall lance and width?
 What are your other lands and wheat?
 What are your old land and wheat?
 what are your overall lands and width?
 What are your orbital lands and width?
 What are your local land and wheat?
 What are your overland and width?
