 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Ko-fi machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closes Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the Closes Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closes coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closing coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to The Closes Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest ko-fi machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest coffee machine Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take me to the closest coffee machine .
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take Me To The Closes Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest Ko-fi machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. You
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Thank you for watching!
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Thank you for watching.
 Take me to the closeness coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine You
 Take me to the Closest Coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Thanks for watching!
 Take me to the closest Kofi machine.
