 How can we help you? How can we help you? How can we help you?
 How can we do it? How can we do it? How can we do it?
 How can we help you to help you to help you to help you to help you to
 How can we help you out here today? How can we help you out here today?
 How can we feel about it? How can we feel about it?
 How can we feel about it? How can we feel about it? How can we feel
 How can you feel about it? How can you feel about it? How can you feel
 How can you feel about it? How can you feel about it?
 How can we feel to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
 How can we do that? How can we do that? How can we do that?
 How can we feel tonight? How can we feel tonight? How can we feel tonight?
 How can we feel about it? What can we feel about it?
 How can we feel? How can we feel? How can we feel? How can we
 How can we help you? How can we help you? What can we help you?
 How can you feel? How can you feel? How can you feel? How can you
 How can we feel about it today? How can we feel about it?
 How can we help you to help you to help you to help you to help you?
 How can we feel tonight? How can we feel tonight?
 How can you feel about it, how can you feel about it, how can you feel
 How can we feel? How can we feel? How can we feel?
 How can we feel about it, how can we feel about it?
 How can you feel about it? What can you feel about it?
 How can we feel about it, how can we feel about it, how can we feel
 How can you feel? How can you feel? How can you feel?
 How can we feel to be able to feel to be able to feel to be able to
 How can we feel about it today? How can we feel about it today?
 How can we help you? How can we help you?
 How can we feel about it today and how can we feel about it?
 How can you feel about it, how can you feel about it?
 How can we help you to help you to help you to help you to help you
 How can you feel about it? What do you feel about it?
 How can we do that? How can we do that? How can we do it?
 How can you feel about it? What can you feel about it? What can you feel
 How can we do it? How can we do it?
 How can we feel about it? What can we feel about it? What can we feel
 How can we help you out here today? How can we help you out here tonight?
 How can we feel to be able to feel to be able to be able to be able
 How can we do that? How can we do it? How can we do it?
 How can we feel about it? How can we feel about it? What can we feel
 How can we help you to help you to help you to help you to help?
 How can you feel about it? What can you feel about it? How can you feel
 How can we do that? How can we do that?
 How can you feel about it? How can you feel about it? What can you feel
 How can we feel about it, how can we feel about it? How can we feel
 How can we help you to help you to help you to help you?
 How can we feel? How can we feel better? How can we feel better?
 How can we feel about it? What can we feel about it? How can we feel
 How can we feel about it today? How can we feel about it? How can we
 How can you feel about it, how can you feel about it? How can you feel
 How can we help you out here today? How can we help you out here?
