 What are you hoping of on the hands?
 What are you hoping of on the hands and weakness?
 What are you hoping of in the hands?
 What are you hoping, old man?
 What are you hoping of on the hands and wreathes?
 What are you hoping on the hands?
 What are you hoping of on the ends?
 What are you hoping of on the hands and wheels?
 What are you doing? Open all the hands and breathe.
 What are you doing? Open your hands and breathe.
 What are you doing? Open up your hands and breathe.
 What time are you hoping on the hands?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and reels.
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and wheels.
 What are you hoping of on the hands and readers?
 What time are you hoping of on the hands?
 What are you hoping of on the hands and reels?
 What time are you going to open all the hands and breathe?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and breathe.
 What are you? Open all the hands and breathe.
 What are you going to open on the hands and breathe?
 What time are you going to open on the hands and breathe?
 What time are you going to open all the hands and wheels?
 What are you hoping of on the hands and wreaths?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and wreathes.
 What are you hoping of on the hands? And we just...
 What are you talking about? Open all the hands and breathe.
 What time are you going to open all the hands and wreathes?
 What time are you going to open all the hands and reels?
 What are you going to open all the hands and breathe?
 What time are you hoping of on the hands and wheels?
 What are you talking about? Open the hands and breathe.
 What time are you hoping of on the hands and wreathes?
 What are you going to open on the hands?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and rears.
 What time are you hoping of on the hands and weakness?
 What are you doing? Open the hands and breathe.
 What time are you going to open all the hands?
 What are you hoping of on the hands? Yes.
 What time are you going to open on the hands and read this?
 We'll tell you how open all the ends and reels.
 What time are you going to open on the hands?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands, and breathe.
 What time are you going to open all the hands and wreaths?
 What time are you going to open all the hands and breathe this?
 What time are you going to open all the hands and read us?
 What time are you going to open on the hands and read us?
 We'll tell you how open all the hands and wreaths.
 What time are you going to open on the hands and release?
 What are you going to open all the hands and reels?
