 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's like possible to reach a coffee machine.
 Is that possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine
 It's like possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 is it possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's the possible to reach a coffee machine.
 This is possible to reach a coffee machine.
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine
 it's like possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine!
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine
 it's impossible to reach a coffee machine
 It's like possible to reach a coffee machine!
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine...
 is it possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's the possible to reach a coffee machine
 This is possible to reach a coffee machine
 Is the possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's not possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's like possible to reach a coffee machine...
 It's like possible to reach a coffee machine?
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's a possible to reach a coffee machine.
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 This is impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 It is impossible to reach a coffee machine.
 it's like possible to reach a coffee machine.
 This is the possible to reach a coffee machine.
 Is it possible to reach a coffee machine ?
 It's impossible to reach a coffee machine?
 it's possible to reach a coffee machine
 It is like possible to reach a coffee machine.
 Is that possible to reach a coffee machine
 Isn't it possible to reach a coffee machine?
 it's the possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's the possible to reach a coffee machine!
 It's as possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's not possible to reach a coffee machine
 It's the possible one to reach a coffee machine.
 is that possible to reach a coffee machine?
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine...
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine
 Isn't that possible to reach a coffee machine?
 If it's possible to reach a coffee machine...
 I think it's possible to reach a coffee machine.
 This is like possible to reach a coffee machine.
 It's possible to reach a coffee machine!
