 Can we do this? Let's see if we can see it.
 I can't even do this, I can't see it.
 Can we do this and see if we can see it?
 Can you take me to the house and see if I can see it
 I can't even do this, I see, I can't see
 Can you take me to the house and see if you can see it
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can see it!
 I can't even do this. I can't see it.
 Can you do this? Let's see if you can see it.
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can't see it
 Can we do this? Let's see if I can see it.
 Can we do this? Let's see what we can see.
 Can you take me to your house and see if I can see it
 I can't even do this, I can't see it!
 Can we do this? Let's see if you can see it.
 Can you do this? Let's see if we can see it.
 I can't even do this. I see, I can't see
 Can you do this? Let's see if I can see it.
 Can you take me to your house and see if you can see it
 Can you take me to the house and see if I can't see
 I can't even do this. I see. I can't see
 Can you take me to the house and see what I see?
 Can you take me to the house to see if you can see it
 I can't even do this to see if I can see it.
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can see it
 Can you take me to the house to see if I can see it
 I can't even do this, I see, I can't,
 Can we do this and see if we can see it.
 Can you take me to the house and take me to the house and
 I can't even do the same thing, I see it.
 Can you take me to the house and see if you can't see
 I can't even do it, I can't see it.
 Can we do this? Let's see if he can see it.
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can, see it
 You can't even do this as you can see it.
 Can you take me to the house and see what I said?
 I can't even do this, I see, I can see it
 I can't even do this as you can see it.
 Can you do this? Let's see if you can see it!
 Can you take me to your house and see if I can't see
 I can't even do this, I can't see it
 Can you take me to the house and see if we can see it
 Can you take me to your house to see if you can see it
 Can you take me to the house and see if I can, see
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can listen to it
 I can't even do that, I can't see it.
 I can't even do this, I see. I can't see
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can see.
 Can we do this? Let's see if we can see it...
 Can you take me to your house and see if you can't see
