 How long can we try to learn things for each other?
 How long can we try to learn things from each other?
 How long can we try and learn things for each other?
 How long can we try with your weapons for each other?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal, don't you?
 How long can we try and turn happens for each other?
 How long can we try and turn out the inspiration?
 How long can we try with your weapons for your choice?
 So now I'm going to try and turn my friends for your choice.
 Hold on, come and try and turn backwards for your choice.
 Hold on, come and try it with your weapons for your choice.
 Hold on, I'm going to try and turn my friends for your choice.
 Hold on, I'm coming to try and turn my friends for your choice.
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principle of choice.
 Hold on, come and try and turn backwards for the choice.
 How long can we try to learn things for you guys?
 How long can we try to learn things from each other's hands?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on things for your choice.
 How long can we try to learn things for the children?
 So now I'm coming to try and turn my friends for your choice.
 How long can we try to learn things from each other's lives?
 Hold on, come and try it, turn on the principal, don't you?
 Hold on, come and try and turn out the inspiration.
 So now I'm going to try and turn on the principle of choice.
 Hold on, I'm coming to try and turn on the principal, don't you?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal, don't you guys?
 How long can we try and turn happens for each other's time?
 Hold on, I'm going to try and turn on the principal, don't you?
 So now I'm going to try and turn my friends for the choice.
 How long can we try to learn things for each other's time?
 How long can we try to learn things from each other's eyes?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on things for the choice.
 So now I'm going to try and turn my friends for each other's time.
 How long can we try to learn things from the children?
 Hold on, come and try it with your weapons for your children.
 So now I'm going to try and turn out the inspiration.
 So now I'm going to try and turn my friends for the children's time.
 Hold on, I'm going to try and turn my friends for the choice.
 How long can we try to learn things for each other's lives?
 Hold on, I'm coming to try and turn my friends for the choice.
 How long can we try and turn happens for each other's hands?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal, don't you please?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal, don't you hear me?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal.
 So now I'm going to try and turn my friends for each other.
 Hold on, can we try and turn out the inspiration?
 Hold on, I'm going to try and turn on the principle of choice.
 So now I'm coming to try and turn my friends for the choice.
 Hold on, come and try and turn on the principal, don't you, please?
 Hold on, come and try and turn on things for your children.
