 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crisis safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross's safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Okay, can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the Cross's safety exit?
 Ok, can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to across the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross a safety exit?
 Can you take me to the across the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the process safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross to safety exit?
 Okay, can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crosses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross this safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cross is safety exit?
 We can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can we take me to the cross safety exit?
 can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Ok, can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 Okay. Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the cruises safety exit?
 Connecting me to the closest safety exit.
 can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Okay, can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the crossing safety exit?
 can you take me to the cross the safety exit?
 You can take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the cross-safety exit?
 Okay, can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Cross of Safety exit?
 It can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the classes safety exit?
 Ok, can you take me to the cross safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Crosses safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Cruises safety exit?
 You can take me to the cross safety exit.
 He can take me to the closest safety exit.
 I can't take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 You can take me to the closet safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
