 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and see what's going on.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and see what's going on.
 Quick, I have to go ahead and see what's going on.
 Quick, one to the other side.
 Quick, what do they say to me?
 Quick, I want to go ahead and see what's going on.
 Quick, onto that side.
 Quick, I'm too late since.
 Quick, we'll have to wait a second.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, I'm too late since now.
 Quick, we have to go ahead and see what's going on.
 Quick, I have to go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, onto the outside.
 Quick, on to the outside.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and see what's going to happen.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and see what's happening.
 Quick, I have to wait a second.
 Quick, I'm going to get excited.
 Quick, we'll have to get excited.
 Quick, one, two, go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, I have to go ahead and see what's happening.
 Quick one to the other side.
 Quick, we'll have to get it set.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and save him.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and see what's going on here.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and see what's happening.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and set it.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and set it.
 Quick, I have to get excited.
 Quick, we'll have to get set.
 Quick, one, two, three, six.
 Quick, one, two, three, six, six.
 Quick, we'll have to wait a sec.
 Quick, we'll have to go inside.
 Quick, we have to go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and see what's going on here.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and see what's going to happen.
 Quick. I'm too late since.
 Quick, I have to go ahead and set it.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and save him.
 Quick. Not too bad since.
 Quick, I want to go ahead and set it up.
 Quick, we'll have to go ahead and see what's going on!
 Quick, one, two, go ahead and set it.
 Quick, I'm going to get a set.
 Quick, I have to go ahead and see what's going on here.
 Quick, I'm going to go ahead and see what's going on!
 Thank you, I'm too late since.
