 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety vaccine?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axi?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest safety taxi?
 Can you take me to the closest safety Xc?
 Can you take me to the closest safety xc?
 Can you take me to the closest safety XZ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X seat?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X seed?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you take me to the closest safety XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exceed?
 can you take me to the closest safety vaccine?
 Can you take me to the closest safe at the XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X, see?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X-C?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accent?
 Can you take me to the closest safety x seed?
 Can you take me to the closest safety xz?
 Can you take me to the closer safety XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expedient?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X C?
 Can you take me to the closest safety ax seed?
 Can you take me to the closest safety X-seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safety x seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safe at the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety ex-seat?
 Can you take me to the closer safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closed safety XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety xC?
 can you take me to the closest safety Xc?
 Can you take me to the closest safe in the XC?
 Can you take me to the closest safety vaccine
 Can you take me to the closer safety vaccine?
 can you take me to the closest safety vaccine
 can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axle?
 Can you take me to the closest safety x-seat?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety access?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety action?
 And you take me to the closest safety exit.
