 Take me to the room about one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room about one hundred and six
 Take me to the room with one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one end of the season.
 Take me to the room, what one on the fence is.
 Take me to the room on what one on the fence is.
 Take me to the room with one under that seat.
 Take me to the room, but one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room about one hundred and six!
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six
 Take me to the room, what one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six
 Take me to the room at one end of that scene.
 Take me to the room, what one on your head sees.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to see.
 Take me to the room at one end of the scene.
 Take me to the room, what one on the fence sees.
 Take me to the room about one hundred and a six.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to have to see us.
 Take me to the room on what one on the fence sees.
 Take me to the room of what one on the fence is.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to have to see this.
 Take me to the room with one under that seat seat.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to have to see.
 Take me to the room with one hand and a seat.
 Take me to the room, but what on your head sees?
 Take me to the room while I'm on the bed seat.
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna have to see.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to see us.
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna have to see this.
 Take me to the room while I'm on the premises.
 Take me to the room of what one on the fence sees.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to see this.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six!
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna have to see us.
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna have a seat.
 Take me to the room at one end of that seat.
 Take me to the room of what I'm going to have to see us.
 Take me to the room about one hundred and six...
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to be able to see this.
 Take me to the room of what I'm going to see.
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna get a seat.
 Take me to the room, what one on your bed sees.
 Take me to the room of what I'm going to have to see.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to have a seat.
 Take me to the room about what I'm gonna get to see this.
 Take me to the room about one hundred and then seats.
 Take me to the room about what I'm going to be able to see.
