 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time and look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, now look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll look at them.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in the next one. Alright, now look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next. Alright, now look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and look at that!
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time and look at that!
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, and we'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in terms of how I can look at them.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in terms of how I can look at it.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and look good.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll look at it.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'm gonna look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in terms of how I can look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in the next one. Bye bye.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll do it.
 We'll tell you one of the main shots in next time, and we'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, now we'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this, and I'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in the next one.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time.
 We'll tell you what the mations and things are going on over there.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this, and I will look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'll go over there.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in terms of how I got real good.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this, alright, I hope you like it.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll be back.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions and things that I can look like.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll be right back with you.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll look at that!
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll be right back.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time and look at them.
 We'll tell you what the mations and things are going on with them.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time, and we'll do that.
 We'll tell you one of the main shots in next time, and look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'll go for that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'm going to look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, I'm going to go for that.
 We'll tell you one of the main shots in next time, and we'll look at them.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in the next one, bye bye.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, and we'll be right back.
 We'll tell you what the mations in next time, and we'll look at that.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in this. Alright, now look at that!
 We'll tell you what the man shows him next.
 We'll tell you all the dimensions in next time and look good.
