 Take me to the room one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room one and there are then six
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room, one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room of one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room, one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room, one and other than six.
 Take me to the room at 100 and 6.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six
 Take me to the room of one and there are then six
 Take me to the room one hundred and six
 Take me to the Roma one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room of one and other than six.
 Take me to the room at 1 and there are then 6.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one and there are then six
 Take me to the room, one and there are then six
 take me to the room one and there are then six
 Take me to the room 1 and 6.
 Take me to the room, one, and there are then six.
 Take me to the room one and other than six.
 Take me to the Roma 1 and there are then 6.
 Take me to the room at one end, there are then six.
 Take me to the room, one and there then six.
 Take me to the Roma 100 and 6.
 Take me to the room 1 and there are then 6.
 Take me to the room at 100 and 6
 Take me to the room at one under then six.
 Take me to the room, one hundred and six
 Take me to the room, one and there than six.
 Take me to the Roma one and there are then six
 Take me to the room 1 and 0 then 6.
 Take me to the room, one and zero then six.
 Take me to the room one and there are then 6.
 Take me to the room at 1 and there are then 6
 Take me to the rumour one and there are then six.
 Take me to the Roma 1 and there are then six.
 Take me to the room, one and then six.
 take me to the room of one and there are then six
 Take me to the room, one and, there are then six.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six
 Take me to the room about one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one and at six.
 Take me to the room at 1 and 0 then 6.
 Take me to the room with one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at 1 and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at 100 and six.
 Take me to the room one and there are then six!
