 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Leave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 them. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine!
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine
 Text me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Tag me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 Tech me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine, and take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest cafe machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine
 Then take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Tack me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Technique me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Kofi machine.
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Tell me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closing coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine !
 Check me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine."
 Check me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine!
