 Both are your differentials in terms of height and width.
 What are your differentials in terms of height and width?
 Both are your differentials in terms of item width.
 Those are your differentials in terms of height and width.
 Those are your differentials in terms of item width.
 Both aerial devices in terms of height and width.
 We'll tell you the adventures in terms of height and width.
 Both are your temperatures in terms of height and width.
 What are your differentials in terms of item width?
 Both are your adventures in terms of height and width.
 We'll carry all the measures in terms of height and width.
 Those are your temperatures in terms of height and width.
 We'll tell you our adventures in terms of height and width.
 What are your devices in terms of height and width?
 Those are your adventures in terms of height and width.
 Both are your devices in terms of height and width.
 Both aerial adventures in terms of height and width.
 Those are your devices in terms of height and width.
 Both aerial devices, in terms of height and width.
 We'll carry all the measures in terms of item width.
 Those are your devices in terms of item width.
 What are your devices in terms of item width?
 Those are your details in terms of item width.
 Both are your devices in terms of item width.
 Both are your details in terms of item width.
 Both are your differentials in terms of item with them.
 Those are your differentials in terms of item with them.
 What are your differentials in terms of item with them?
 What are your details in terms of item width?
 We'll tell you our details in terms of item width.
 We'll carry all the officials in terms of item width.
 We'll carry all the officials in terms of item with them.
 Both are your differentials in terms of height and width
 Both are your differentials in terms of item with the...
 Those are your differentials in terms of item with the...
 We'll tell you the adventures in terms of item width.
 We'll tell you our adventures in terms of item width.
 We'll tell you the details in terms of item width.
 Both are your adventures in terms of item width.
 Those are your adventures in terms of item width.
 Both are your differentials in terms of items with them.
 will carry your devices in terms of item width.
 What are your differentials in terms of item with the...
 Both are your differentials in terms of height and width, though.
 Those are your differentials in terms of height and width
 Those are your details in terms of item with the...
 Both aerial devices in terms of height and width
 Both are your differentials in terms of items with the...
 We'll carry all the measures in terms of height and width
 Both aerial devices in terms of height and width...
