 Take me to the room at one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one end and then six.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six
 Take me to the room, one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at 100 and 6.
 Take me to the room one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room at one under then six.
 Take me to the room at one hand and then six.
 Take me to the room of one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at one end, and then six.
 Take me to the room, one under and six.
 Take me to the room at one end and then six
 Take me to the room of one and other than six.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and then six.
 Take me to the room at 100 and six.
 Take me to the room one hundred and six
 Take me to the room, one and there then six.
 Take me to the room at one end there than six.
 Take me to the room, one under, then six.
 Take me to the room at one hundred and six!
 Take me to the room of one under then six.
 Take me to the room of one hundred and six
 Take me to the room at one and there are then six
 Take me to the room one hundred and then six.
 Take me to the room at one hander than six.
 Take me to the room of one and there then six.
 Take me to the room at 100 and 6
 Take me to the room one and there are then six.
 Take me to the room at one and there then six.
 Take me to the room, one under then six.
 Take me to the room one and there then six.
 Take me to the room at one end in six.
 Take me to the room at one end, and there are then six.
 Take me to the room, one hundred and six
 Take me to the room at one hand and then six
 Take me to the room at one under the seats.
 Take me to the room at one under then six
 Take me to the room of one and there are then six
 Take me to the room at 1 am there than 6.
 Take me to the room at one end and six.
 Take me to the room with one hundred and six.
 Take me to the room of one and then six.
 Take me to the room at one and then six.
 Take me to the room at one hand there than six.
 Take me to the room at one hand, and then six.
 Take me to the room with one and there then six.
 Take me to the room one hundred and then six
 Take me to the room one and there are then six
