 Can you take me to the closest specific exit?
 Can you take him into the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closest facility exit?
 Can you take me into the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closest specifically exit?
 Can you take him into the closes to see if he exit?
 Can you take him into the closes to see if he exits?
 Can you take him into the closes to see if he acts it?
 Can you take him into the closet to see if he exit?
 Can you take him into the closet to see if he acts it?
 Can you take him into the closet to see if he exits?
 can you take me to the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it acts it?
 Can you take him into the closest to see if he exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it exists?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it acts either?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it acts it?
 Can you take me to the closest specific activity?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it exits?
 Can you take me to the closest to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it acts either?
 Can you take me to the closest passivity exit?
 Can you take you into the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it exists?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it exits?
 Can you take him into the closest to see if he acts it?
 Can you take me to the closes for safety exit?
 Can you take him into the closes to save the exit?
 Can you take him into the closest to see if he exits?
 Can you take me to the closest to see the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest specific accident?
 Can you take me to the closest for safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it's the exit?
 Can you take him into the closes for safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest perceived exit?
 Can you take me to the closest-specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closest specifically?
 Can you take them into the closest specific exit?
 Can you take him into the closest facility exit?
 Can you take him into the closes to save it the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it is accepted?
 Can you take him in to the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closet to see if it acts it?
 Can you take me to the closest to see if it gets it?
 Can you take me to the closest, specifically exit?
 Can you take me to the closest specific access?
 Can you take me into the closes to see if it acts it?
 Can you take him into the closest specifically exit?
 Can you take me into the closes to see if it acts either?
