 Take me to the closest step of your machine.
 Take me to the closest step of the machine.
 Take me to the closest puppy machine.
 Take me to the closest tip of your machine.
 Take me to the closest tip of the machine.
 Take me to the closest top view machine.
 Take me to the closest step of your machine
 Taking me to the closest step of your machine.
 Take me to the closest step of the machine
 Take me to the closest property machine.
 Take me to the closest top key machine.
 Taking me to the closest step of the machine.
 Take me to the closest the coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest puppy machine
 Take me to the closest tip of your machine
 Take me to the closest tip of the machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest step of your machine!
 Take me to the closest step of machine.
 Take me to the closest step off your machine.
 Taking me to the closest puppy machine.
 Take me to the closest top-key machine.
 Take me to the closest step coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest pup machine.
 Take me to the closest, the coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest to a coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest top view machine
 Taking me to the closest tip of the machine.
 Take me to the closest to coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest tip of your machine.
 Taking me to the closest step of your machine
 Take me to the closest top few machine.
 Take me to the closest strip coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest step copy machine.
 Take me to the closest step of the machine!
 Taking me to the closest top view machine.
 Take me to the closest purple machine.
 Take me to the closest of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest puppy machine!
 Take me to the closest perfume machine.
 Take me to the closest top-view machine.
 Taking me to the closest step of the machine
 Take me to the closest tip of your machine!
 Take me to the closest step of my machine.
 Take me to the closest tip of my machine.
 Take me to the closest the coffee machine
 Take me to the closest stop coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest top floor machine.
 Take me to the closest copy machine.
 Take me to the closest tip of the machine!
