 I need you to close this next tutorial.
 And each of the clothes are sexy though.
 I need you to close your sexy door.
 We need you to close this next tutorial.
 I need you to close this next tutorial!
 I need you to close the sexy door.
 And each of the clothes is sexy though.
 I need you to close this next year though.
 I need you to close a sexy door.
 We need to the closest exit door.
 And each of the clothes are sexy, though.
 And each of the clothes are sexy though!
 We need you to close your sexy door.
 And each of the clothes is next to you though.
 We need you to close a sexy door.
 We need you to close this next tutorial!
 We need to close this next tutorial.
 I need you to close this next video.
 We need you to close this next year though.
 Make sure to close this next tutorial.
 I need you to close this sexy door.
 And each of the closes takes you through.
 And each of the clothes is next to you, though.
 We need you to close the sexy door.
 and each of the clothes are sexy though.
 I need you to close this next detour.
 And each of the closes takes you to all.
 I need you to close this next tutorial
 I need you to close this taxi door.
 I need you to close this next little door.
 Now each of the clothes are sexy though.
 I need you to close this next year, though.
 I need to close this next tutorial.
 And each of the clothes are sexy at all.
 And each of the clothes are sexy too.
 We need to close a sexy door.
 And each of the clothes is next to you, too.
 And each of the closer steps you do.
 And each of the closer sticks you throw.
 We need you to close our sexy door.
 And each of the closers takes you to all.
 and each of the clothes is sexy though.
 We need you to close this next year, though.
 We need to the closer, sexy though.
 We need to enclose a sexy door.
 I need you to close your sexy door!
 I want you to close this next tutorial.
 And each of the clothes is sexy though!
 And each of the closers takes you through.
 We need you to close this next video.
