 Take me to the closest left coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left coffee machine
 Take me to the closest of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left copy machine.
 Take me to the closest left balcony machine.
 Take me to the closest of coffee machine
 Take me to the closest left of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest cup machine.
 Take me to the closest left cup machine.
 take me to the closest left coffee machine
 Take me to the closest step of the machine.
 Take me to the closestest of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest location.
 Take you into the closest left coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest left coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left copy machine
 Take me to the closest step of machine.
 Take me to the closest the coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left balcony machine
 Take me to the closest left of coffee machine
 Take me to the closest left cop machine.
 Take me to the closest left coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest looking machine.
 Take me to the closest left craft machine.
 Take me to the closest look of the machine.
 Take me to the closest left couch machine.
 Take me to the closest level of coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest of coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest left corner machine.
 Take me to the closest look of machine.
 Take me to the closest left cup machine
 Take me to the closest step copy machine.
 Take me to the closest left carpet machine.
 Take me to the closest step coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left parking machine.
 Take me to the closest left house machine.
 Take me to the closest cup machine
 Take me to the closest left half of the machine.
 Take me to the closest left top machine.
 Take me to the closest stuffed coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left cock machine.
 Take me to the closest left capsule machine.
 Take me to the closest left of the machine.
 Take me to the closest step cup machine.
 take me to the closest left coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest left coffee machine,
 Take me to the closest balcony machine.
 Take me to the closest stepcock machine.
 Take me to the closest left car for machine.
