 Can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest specific exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closest to safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest location?
 Can you take me to the closes to see the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to see the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same exact system?
 Can you take me to the closest the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closest city, exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, the safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest of the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest or the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it gets it?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if you exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CPJ exit?
 Can you take me to the closes to see me exit?
 Can you take me to the closet to see the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest city?
 Can you take me to the closest? The same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closes to see what you accepted?
 Can you take me to the closest to CPT etc?
 Can you take me to the closest the same exact system?
 Can you take me to the closes to see what you accept?
 Can you take me to the closest to the city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same taxi?
 can you take me to the closest city exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CBJ exit?
 can you take me to the closest to safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to CPG exit?
 Can you take me to the closest or the same exact system?
 Can you take me to the closest, the safest exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same exact setup?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it exists?
 Can you take me to the closest to CPT, etc?
 can you take me to the closest, the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closest and the same exact signal?
 Can you take me to the closest to the same exact system?
 Can you take me to the closes to see if it is accepted?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same exact sector?
 Can you take me to the closest, the same exact city?
