 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shape.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee ship
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shop
 I need the puppet to take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee. Take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee ship!
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee to share.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shop!
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee share.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee chef.
 I need the coffee to take me to the grocery shop.
 I need the puppet to take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee. Take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shape
 I need a puppet to take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shit.
 I'm in love with you. Take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee. Take me to the closest coffee shape.
 I need the coffee to take with the closest coffee ship.
 I'm in love with you. Take me to the closest cup of shit.
 I'm in love with you. Take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the puppet to take me to the closest coffee ship
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee shim.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee to share
 I need the coffee, take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need a coffee to take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee to take with the closest coffee shape.
 I'm in love with you, take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee.
 I'm in love with it. Take me to the closest coffee ship.
 I need the puppet to take me to the closest coffee ship!
 I need the coffee! Take me to the closest coffee ship!
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee, Chef.
 I'm in love with you! Take me to the closest coffee ship!
 I'm in love with it. Take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee to take me to the grocery store.
 I'm in love with you, take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee chef
 I'm in love with you. Take me to the closest car for the ship.
 I'm in love with it. Take me to the closest cup of shit.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee
 I need a puppet to take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee show.
 I need the coffee to take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee to take me to the closest coffee shop.
 I'm in love with you! Take me to the closest coffee shop!
 I'm in love with you. Take me to the closest cup of shame.
