 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the river.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not from the people.
 Tipo land, you see that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that this is from the big world.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that this is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not completely wrong.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the river.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not completely empty.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the big world.
 Tipa land, you see that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the big land.
 Tippo land, you see that this is from the big island.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not from the beginning.
 Tippo land, just say that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the big island.
 Tipo land, you'll see that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tipo land, just say that it is not from the deep ground.
 Tippo land, you see that this that's from the big world.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the big world.
 Tipo land, you see that it is not from the people.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that this is not from the people.
 Tippo land, you see that this is from the big land.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the big land.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not completely wrong.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the people.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the big island.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not from the big world.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not from the dead ground.
 Tippo land, just say that it is not from the river.
 Tipo land, just say that it is not from the people.
 Tippo land, you see that this that's from the river.
 Tippo land, you'll see that this is from the big world.
 Tippo land, you see that it is not in the deep ground.
 Tipa land, you see that it is not from the people.
 Tip-a-lan, just say to this that from the people.
 Tippo land, you'll see that this that's from the big world.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that this is not from the big world.
 Tippo land, you see that this that's from the big land.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that this is not from the beginning.
 Tippo land, you see that this that's from the big island.
 Tippo land, you'll see that it is not from the people.
 Tippo land, you see that this that's from the people.
 Tipo land, you'll see that it is not from the people.
 Tip-a-lan, just say that it is not from the dead ground.
 Tip-a-lan, just say to this that's from the people.
 Tippo land, you'll see that this that's from the big island.
 Tippo land, you'll see that this that's from the big land.
