 What are you overall length looking with?
 What are you overall length and width?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are with them?
 What are you, all the old lambs looking with?
 What are you all going to learn something with?
 What are you overall length of the width?
 What are you, all the little lamps that are with them?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can reach?
 What are you, over all the lamps that are with them?
 What are you, all the little lamps I can with?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are with you?
 What are you overall length of the winter?
 What are you overall length of your width?
 What are you overall length looking width?
 What are you, over all the lamps that are with you?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can be written?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that can be with them?
 What are you, are there all lamps that are with them?
 What are you? Are there all the lamps that are with them?
 What are you overall length looking widths?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can fit?
 What are you, all the little lamps that are with you?
 What are you overall lengths like a width?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can win?
 What are you, all the little lamps that are in width?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can wait?
 What are you, all the little lamps I can witness?
 What are you overall answer and with?
 What are you, all the old lamps that can reach?
 What are you, over all the lamps I can witness?
 What are you, all the little lamps are in width?
 What are you, all the old lamps that are with them?
 What are you, all the little lamps that can be with them?
 What are you, all the little lamps that are in winter?
 What are you, overall lamps are in width?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are in width?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are with the lights?
 What are you, all the old lamps are in width?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are in winter?
 What are you, over all the lamps that are with?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that can wait?
 What are you, over all the lamps that are with the lights?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that can be written?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are with us?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that are with the...
 What are you, all the old lamps that can win?
 What are you, all the little lamps that are with?
 What are you, are there all the lamps that can reach them?
 What are you, over all the lamps I can with?
 What are you? Are there all the lamps that are with you?
