 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles
 Keep a big distance for the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles!
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance for new obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite poles.
 Keep a big distance for the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite pose.
 Keep a big a distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite place.
 keep a big distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance for the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance for new obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite walls.
 Keep a big addition for the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the objectives.
 keep a bigger distance for the obstacles
 Keep a big distance for new obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the ups to the ups.
 Keep a big a distance for the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the ups and lows.
 Keep a bigger distance from the upstairs.
 Keep a bigger distance from the ups and downs.
 Keep a bigger distance for new obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite way.
 Keep a big distance from the opposite pose.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance for the obstacles...
 Keep a big addition from the obstacles.
 Keep a big a distance from the obstacles
 Keep a big distance from the opposite poles.
 Keep a bigger distance from your obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite post.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite ones.
 Keep a bigger distance from the oppositemost.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite box.
 Keep a big at distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the opposite place.
 keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the opposite of those.
