 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you can
 Proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I return.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do time.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do come.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I become.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I've become.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you come.
 Proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can!
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do can't.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I return
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you can!
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do time
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you turn.
 Proceed to the kitchen, as far as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I can.
 Proceed to the kitchen, as fast as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do come
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I move on.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do time!
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you can...
 proceed to the kitchen as far as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I've returned.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do can't
 proceed to the kitchen as far as you can
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I guitar.
 Proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can...
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I become
 Proceed to the kitchen, as far as I do time.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do canh.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do cank.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do canne.
 Proceed to the kitchen as fast as you come.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do turn.
 proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can.
 Proceed to the kitchen, as far as I return.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I became.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I've become
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do canle.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as it can.
 proceed to the kitchen as fast as you can
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I get on.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I've done.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do kind.
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as you come
 Proceed to the kitchen as far as I do canes.
