 Exit the meter room and go to the top edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the target edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the meter room and go to the target edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the top edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the tongue edge.
 Exit the middle room and go to the top edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the target.
 Exit the meter room and go to the target.
 Exit the middle room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the middle room and go to the tongue edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the tongue edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the tone edge.
 Exit the maiden room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the middle room and go to the target edge.
 Exit the middle room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meter room and go to the tall edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toy ditch.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue Edge.
 Exit the middle room and go to the tone edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toy ditch.
 Exit the meter room and go to the Tongue edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the tone edge.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tongue edge.
 Exit the maiden room and go to the tongue edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue dead.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the meter room and go to the tone dead.
 Exit the middle room and go to the target.
 Exit the maiden room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meet and room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue Dej.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the Tongue dej.
 Exit the meet and room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room and go to the Tongue Edge.
 Exit the middle room and go to the Tongue edge.
 Exit the meta room and go to the Tongue Dead.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet
 Exit the meter room and go to the Tongue Dej.
 Exit the meat and room and go to the tongue dead.
 Exit the meet and room and go to the target.
