 Exit the minimum and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the toilet room.
 Exit the medium room and go to the temperature.
 Exit the minimum and go to the temperature.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the top edge.
 Accept the minimum and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the toilet.
 Exit the minimum and go to the tournament
 Exit the medium room and go to the temperature
 Exit the medium room and go to the front edge.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the toilet room.
 Accept the medium room and go to the tournament.
 Exit the middle room and go to the toilet room.
 Accept the medium room and go to the toilet room.
 Exit the medium room and go to the toilet room
 Exit the minimum and go to the top edge.
 Exit the minimum and go to the tormentor.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tone of the edges.
 Accept the medium room and go to the temperature.
 Exit the minimum, and go to the tournament.
 Exit the minimum and go to the temperature
 Exit the meter room and go to the toilet room.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tournament
 Exit the medium room and go to the format.
 Exit the medium room and go to the top of the edge.
 Exit the minimum and go to the toilet.
 Exit the medium room and go to the village.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tormentor.
 Exit the meeting room and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the toilet
 Exit the medium room and go to the toilet room here.
 Exit the minimum and go to the format.
 Exit the minimum, and go to the temperature.
 Exit the minimum and go to the village.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tone of the edge.
 Exit the meter room and go to the temperature.
 Exit the medium room, and go to the toilet room.
 Exit the medium room and go to the top left.
 Exit the mission room and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tunnel.
 Accept the medium room and go to the toilet.
 Accept the medium room and go to the top edge.
 Exit the minimum and go to the tournament!
 exit the minimum and go to the tournament.
 Exit the medium room and go to the top edge
 Exit the medium room, and go to the temperature.
 Exit the minimum and go to the tunnel.
 Exit the medium room and go to the tall edge.
 Accept the minimum and go to the temperature.
