 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machin.
 I need a coffee that can be to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee matchin.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee, they can eat with the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee technique to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they need the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee that can be the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee machine!
 I need a coffee. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. They can eat the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee that can eat the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the closest coffee matchin.
 I need a coffee, that can be to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, technique to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closets coffee machine.
 I need a coffee take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, dig me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the closest coffee machin.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the clothes it's coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee much in.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closet coffee machine.
 I need a coffee. They can eat with the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee and take me to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can be to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee muchin.
 I need a coffee that can eat with the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the closest coffee much in.
 I need a coffee, they need to close its coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat at the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat with the clothes it's coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat with the closest coffee matchin.
 I need a coffee, take me to the clothes it's coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat with the closest coffee machin.
 I need a coffee, they need to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can need the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee match in.
 I need a coffee, then go to the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee matchin'.
 I need a coffee, that can be the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, they can eat the closest coffee machine
 I need a coffee that needs the closest coffee machine.
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee matchin!
 I need a coffee, take me to the closest coffee matchin'
 I need a coffee, they can eat the clothes it's coffee machin.
