 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you very much.
 At least the maximum is amazing.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you.
 With this, the magazine is amazing. Thank you very much.
 With this, the magazine is amazing. Thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine. It's amazing. Thank you.
 At least the magazine is amazing. Thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine. It's amazing. Thank you very much.
 At least the magazine is amazing. Thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you very much.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you, thank you.
 At least the maximum is amazing. Thank you.
 At least the maximum is amazing. Thank you very much.
 At least the maximum is amazing, I think.
 With this, the magazine is amazing.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you, thank you.
 At least the magazine is amazing.
 Well, this is the magazine that's amazing. Thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine. It's amazing.
 Well, this is the magazine that's amazing, thank you very much.
 At least the magazine is amazing, thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you for being with me.
 With this, the magazine is amazing, thank you very much.
 At least the maximum is amazing, thank you very much.
 At least the maximum is a range of people in the future.
 Well, this is the maximum, so we're ready for the future.
 At least the magazine was amazing. Thank you.
 Well, this is the maximum, it's amazing, thank you very much.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you for being here.
 But this is the magazine, it's amazing, thank you for being with me.
 At least the maximum is amazing, thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine that's amazing. Thank you.
 With this, the magazine is amazing, thank you.
 At least the magazine is amazing, I think.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you, thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing, I think.
 At least the magazine is amazing, thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you. Thank you.
 Well, this is the magazine, it's amazing. Thank you for watching.
 But this is the maximum, it's amazing, thank you.
 Well, this is the maximum, it's amazing. Thank you very much.
 But this is the maximum, it's amazing.
 But this is the maximum, it's amazing, thank you very much.
