 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What are you dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in them that hide and weave?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and weave?
 what are your dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width
 What are your dimensions in terms of height, and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width.
 What are your dimensions, in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in them that hide and leave?
 what are your dimensions in terms of height and width
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and with?
 What are your dimensions in them that hide and with?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width ?
 What are your dimensions in them that's hide and weave?
 What are your dimensions in them to hide and weave?
 What are your dimensions in themselves as height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and weight?
 What are your dimensions in terms of hide and weave?
 Both are your dimensions in terms of height and width.
 What are your dimensions in them that hide and weep?
 What are your dimensions, in terms of height, and width?
 What are your dimensions in them that's hide and with?
 What are your dimension in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in them as a height and width?
 What are your dimensions in the terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height & width?
 What are your dimensions in them so hide and weave?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and widths?
 What are your dimensions in these terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and wreath?
 What are your dimensions in them that's height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of hide and with?
 What are your dimensions in them those height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width...
 What are your dimensions? In terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in them that's high and with?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width?!
 What are your dimensions in them as height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and wave?
 What are your dimensions in them's height and width?
 What are the dimensions in terms of height and width?
 What are you dimensional in terms of height and width?
 What are your demands in terms of height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of hide and width?
 what are your dimensions in terms of height and width.
 What are your dimensions in them such height and width?
 What are your dimensions in terms of height and width??
 What are you dimensions in them that hide and weave?
 What are your dimensions in themselves height and width?
