 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machin.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee matchin.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest coffee matchine.
 Take me to the closets coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee matchin!
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee matine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machin.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Text me to the closest coffee machine.
 them. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closed coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee-machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Tech me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee muchin.
 Take me to the closest coffee-machin.
 Take me to the closest coffee my chin.
 Take me in to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine!
 Technique me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machean.
 Leave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machin.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 Take me to the closest coffee matching.
 Take me to the closest coffee matin.
 Take me to the closest coffee matchen.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee matchin
 Tack me to the closest coffee machine.
 deck me to the closest coffee machine.
