 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to a closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exceed?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit.
 can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 How can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to your closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Couldn't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 can you take me to a closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit
 Could you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 You can't take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can't you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? ...
 Can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Thanks for watching!
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? Thank you.
 Can you take me to the closest-safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can it take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can we take me to the closest safety exit?
