 Can you take me to the closest and safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe exit?
 Can you take me to a closest and safe exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe at the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe to the exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safe at the exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safe to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe in the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe gear seat?
 Can you take me to a closest to the safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe at the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe yet seat?
 Can you take me to the closest, safe exit?
 Can you take me to a closest to the safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safe you exceed?
 Can you take me to a closest safe yet seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safe here to see?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe yet seat?
 Can you take me to a closest safe in the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe yet, see it?
 Can you take me to a closest safe here to see?
 Can you take me to the closest and safely exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe taxi?
 Can you take me to a closest and safe gear seat?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe you exceed?
 Can you take me to the closest safe yet, see it?
 Can you take me to the closest safe gear seat?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe heat seat?
 can you take me to the closest and safe exit?
 Can you take me to a closest safe gear seat?
 Can you take me to a closest and safety exit?
 Can you take me to a closest, safe exit?
 Can you take me to a closest and safe to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, the safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safe gear seat?
 Can you take me to the closest, the safe, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest to the safe yet seat?
 Can you take me to the closest safe here to see it?
 Can't you take me to the closest and safe exit?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe, yet see it?
 Can you take me to the closest and safe yet, see?
 Can you take me to the closest, safe, yet, see it?
 Can you take me to the closest safe taxi?
