 What are your dimensions of this fight?
 What are your dimensions?
 What are your dimensions of what you find?
 What are your dimensions you want to find?
 What are you dimensions of this fight?
 What are your dimensions in this fight?
 What are your dimensions you can find?
 What are your dimensions about this fight?
 What are your dimensions you've got to find?
 What are your dimensions you have to find?
 What are your dimensions in place tonight?
 What are your dimensions of the countryside?
 What are you dimensions of what you find?
 What are your dimensions of the planet?
 What are your dimensions of it?
 What are your dimensions for this fight?
 What are your dimensions in place?
 what are your dimensions of this fight?
 What are your dimensions of the future?
 What are your dimensions of this light?
 What are your dimensions of what this might be?
 What are your dimensions of history?
 What are your dimensions of life?
 What are your dimensions of you?
 What are you dimensions of?
 What are your dimensions with this fight?
 What are your dimensions of the place you find?
 What are your dimensions of the country?
 What are your dimensions of them to find?
 What are your dimensions in place to find?
 What are your dimensions you've identified?
 what are your dimensions?
 What are your dimensions of this fight ?
 What are your dimensions of them to survive?
 What are your dimensions of this flight?
 What are your donations?
 What are your dimensions of them?
 What are your dimensions of what you find from you?
 What are your dimensions of that?
 What are your dimensions you want to provide?
 What are your dimensions in the future?
 What are your dimensions of this planet?
 What are your dimensions and dimensions of height?
 We'll tell you a dimension to what you find.
 What are your dimensions of this fight
 What are your dimensions that you find?
 What are your dimensions of what you have to find?
 What are your dimensions you put to find?
 What are your dimensions you've been to tonight?
 What are your dimensions and dimensions of light?
