 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety accept?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to a closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety except?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exeep?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to your closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety excerpt?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exceed?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accepted?
 Can you take me to the closest safety eclipse?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exip?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 Can't you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 can you take me to the closest safety exhibit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closest safety tip?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhip?
 Can you take me to closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exhibit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety excep?
 How can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exception?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exhibit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit??
 Can you take me to a closest safety exhibit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me into the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety episode?
 Can you take me to the closest safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety set?
 Can we take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
