 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 It takes me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machines
 Take me to the closest coffee machines!
 to take me to the closest coffee machine.
 It take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee matchy.
 ...take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee mache.
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 You take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine
 Let me take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Don't take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 I take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machin.
 take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. And take me to the closest coffee machine.
 and take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine!
 ... take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee matchang.
 It took me to the closest coffee machine.
 Dig me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machinue.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Just take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee match in.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine. Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee matchine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Take me to the closest coffee matchage.
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Take me to the closeest coffee machine.
 Make me to the closest coffee machine.
