 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 Take Me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine…
 take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine..
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machin.
 Take me to the closets coffee machine.
 Leave me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Let me take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machine
 Deck me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
 Take me into the closest coffee machine.
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Machin.
 Take me to the closest coffee matchin.
 Take me to the closest coffee matine.
 ...take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine !
 Take me to the closest coffee machines!
 To take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Text me to the closest coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine
 Take Me To The Closest Coffee Matching.
 – Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Check me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee matchine.
 Take me to closest coffee machine
 Take me to the closest coffee machine."
 Taking me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closes coffee machine
 Take Me To The Closes Coffee Machine.
