 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacle.
 Keep the bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a big distance from the obstacles.
 Keyed a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from your obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance, from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles!
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles You
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles…
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 Keep a bigger distance from the opticals.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles,
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. You
 Keep a bigger distance from the upper circles.
 Keep, a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles..
 ...keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles."
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles...
 So keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 to keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 and keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 keep a bigger distance from the obstacles you
 Keep at bigger distance from the obstacles.
 And keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keith, a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance of the obstacles.
 Keep A bigger distance from the obstacles.
 KEEP a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles .
 keyed a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles. .
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles ...
 Just keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from these obstacles.
 To keep a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a figure distance from the obstacles.
 Get a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keep a bigger distance from obstacles.
 a bigger distance from the obstacles.
 Keyed a bigger distance from the obstacles
 Keeping a bigger distance from the obstacles.
