 They eat for the closest coffee machine.
 They need to the closest coffee machine.
 They need for the closest coffee machine.
 They eat for the closest coffee machine!
 They eat to the closest coffee machine.
 they eat for the closest coffee machine
 they need for the closest coffee machine
 They eat for the closest coffee machine
 they need to the closest coffee machine
 They need, for the closest coffee machine.
 They need to the closest coffee machine
 They need to the closest cottage.
 They need to the closest coffee machine!
 They eat, for the closest coffee machine.
 They eat for the closest cottage.
 They need for the closest coffee machine
 They need... for the closest coffee machine.
 They need to close the coffee machine.
 They need for the closest coffee machine!
 They eat. For the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me for the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to close this coffee machine.
 They eat to the closest cottage.
 They need for the closest cottage.
 they need for the closest coffee machine.
 They leave for the closest coffee machine.
 they eat for the closest coffee machine.
 they need to the closest coffee machine.
 They need to the closest competition.
 They'd need to the closest coffee machine.
 They made me to the closest coffee machine.
 They lead to the closest coffee machine.
 They need, to the closest coffee machine.
 They need the closest coffee machine.
 They eat to the closest coffee machine!
 They eat for the closest coffee chip.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 They need...for the closest coffee machine.
 They need to do the closest coffee machine.
 They need... for the closest coffee machine!
 They need... to the closest coffee machine.
 They eat to the closest coffee machine
 They eat, for the closest coffee machine!
 They eat for the closest coffee.
 They need... For the closest coffee machine.
 They need for the closest competition.
 They need, for the closest coffee machine!
 They eat for the closest competition.
 They eat for the closest coffee cheese.
