 Would you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go to the reception?
 Would you please go up to the reception?
 Would you please go to the section?
 Would you please go to the receptionist?
 What will you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go?
 Would you please go through the session?
 Would you please go and do a session?
 What do you please go to where we're set to shoot?
 Would you please go to your section?
 Would you please go to where we're set to shoot?
 What do you please go to the section?
 What do you please go up to the reception?
 Would you please go if you were to finish it?
 What do you please go up to where we're going to finish here?
 What do you please go to where we're going to finish here?
 Would you please go get rid of this head issue?
 Would you please go if you were to finish you?
 Would you please go get rid of a statue?
 What do you please go up to where we're set to shoot?
 What do you please go if you ever finish it?
 Would you please go to the center crew?
 Would you please go to where we're headed should we?
 Would you please go get rid of the statue?
 Would you please go up to the river to finish you?
 Would you please go if you ever finish me?
 What do you please go up to where we're going to finish you?
 What do you please go to where we're going to finish you?
 Would you please go get rid of a tennis shoe?
 What do you please go to this adventure?
 What would you please go to the reception?
 What do you please go if you ever finish you?
 What do you please go if you ever finish me?
 Would you please go if you were a fetishist?
 Would you please go get rid of the texture?
 Would you please go?
 Would you please go get rid of his head issue?
 What do you please go to the earth and finish you?
 Would you please go up to the receptionist?
 Would you please go if you ever finish it?
 What do you please go to where we're going to finish it?
 What do you please go to the receptionist?
 Would you please go up and do a session?
 Would you please go if you were to finish me?
 Would you please go get rid of a century?
 What do you please go to where we're set to show you?
 What do you please go up to where we're going to finish it?
 What do you please go to where we're going to finish with?
 What do you please go up to where we're going to finish with?
