 Make your way to the cafeteria.
 Make your way to the cafeteria!
 Make your way through the cafeteria.
 Make your way to the cafeteria
 Make your way through the cafeteria!
 Make your way for the cafeteria.
 Make your way to the country here we are.
 Make your way to the country. Here we are.
 Make your way through the country. Here we are.
 Make your way for the cafeteria!
 Make your way through the country here we are.
 Make your way through the cafeteria
 Make your way to the country here we are!
 Make your way to the country, here we are.
 Make your way through the country, here we are.
 Make your way through the country here we are!
 Make your way to the country here, we are.
 Make your way to the country. Here we are!
 make your way to the cafeteria
 Make your way through the country. Here we are!
 Make your way through the kapiki area.
 Make your way to the country, here we are!
 Make your way through the country here, we are.
 Make your way through the katiki area.
 Make your way through the country, here we are!
 Make your way to the kapiki area.
 Make your way through the coffee area.
 make your way to the cafeteria.
 Make your way through the cafe here we are.
 Make your way for the cafeteria
 Make your way to the cafe here we are.
 Make your way to the country area.
 Make your way through the cafe area.
 Make your way to the katiki area.
 Make your way to the country here.
 Make your way to the coffee area.
 Make your way through the cupboard here we are.
 Make your way to the cafe area.
 Make your way to the Catholic area.
 Make your way through the kapikiriya.
 Make your way through the kapiki area!
 Make your way through the cafe here we are!
 Make your way to the country here, we are!
 Make your way to the cafe here we are!
 Make your way to the country here we are
 Make your way to the country here, yeah.
 Make your way through the country area.
 Make your way to the cafeteria...
 Make your way through the katiki area!
 Make your way to the country here, Ria.
