 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say to the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, face the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, take the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, safety, exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say it the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closet, say, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say it, the exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, shape the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet? Save the exit?
 Can you take me to the global safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety accident?
 Can you take me to the clothes of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, set the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet?
 can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet say the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say the accent?
 You take me to the closest safety exit.
 can you take me to the closet, say the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say to the accent?
 Can you take me to the closet and take the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, face the accent?
 Can you take me to the closet, say it's the exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, say at the exit?
 can you take me to the closet, say to the exit?
 Can you take me to the cloud of safety exit?
 Can you take me to the clothes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety expert?
 Can you take me to the closet? Take the exit?
 can you take me to the closet, safety, exit?
 can you take me to the closet, face the exit?
 Can you take me to the close safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety axis?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closet shape the exit?
 can you take me to the closet safety exit
 Okay, you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closest safety activity?
 Can you take me to the closet, say at it?
 Can you take me to the closet, say to the accident?
