 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closed safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?"
 Can you take me to the closing safety exit?
 Can you take me, to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take it to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 Can you take me to the closet, safety, exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit?!
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the closet, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closets safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closer safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet and save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit...
 can you take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet? Save the exit?
 Can you take me to the closest, safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closes safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit? You
 can you take me to the closet safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest Safety Exit?
 Can you take me? To the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the close safety exit?
 Can you take me to the Closes Safety Exit?
 Can you take me to the close and safety exit?
 Can you take it me to the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet's safety exit?
 Can you take me the closest safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closest safety exit!?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit you
 can you take me to the closet safety exit
 You can take me to the closest safety exit.
 Can you take me to the closet? Save the exit.
 Can you take me to the Closest Safety exit?
 Can you take me to the clothes and safety exit?
 Can you take me to the closet safe the exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit? you
 Can you take me to the closet safely exit?
 can you take me to the closest safety exit!
 can you take me to the closest safety exit ?
 Can you take me to the clauses safety exit?
