 What are your overall strength and rhythm?
 What are your overall strength and wisdom?
 What are your overall strength and widths?
 What are your overall strength and risk?
 What are your overall strength and reach?
 What are your other ones playing in rhythm?
 What are your other ones playing in Greece?
 What are your overall length and widths?
 What are your overall strength in rhythm?
 What are your other moves length and width?
 What is your overall strength in rhythm?
 What are your other moves length and widths?
 What are your all the most things you can risk?
 What are your overall strength and width?
 What are your other ones like and with?
 What are your overall strength and reason?
 What are your other moves playing in rhythm?
 What is your overall strength and rhythm?
 What are your overall strength and resistance?
 What are your other ones, then, and with?
 What are your overall strength and weakness?
 What are your all the most things you can reach?
 What are your overall strengths and risks?
 What are your overall strengths and strengths?
 What are your other ones playing in Sweden?
 what are your overall strength and rhythm?
 What are your other ones playing in which?
 What are your other ones playing in with?
 What are your other moves, then, and with?
 what are your overall strength and widths?
 What are your other ones playing in recent?
 What are your other moves, then, in which?
 What are your other ones, then, in which?
 What are your other ones playing with?
 What are your other ones playing in with me?
 What are your other moves then and with?
 What are your overall length and width?
 what are your overall strength and wisdom?
 What are your overall strength in with?
 What are your other moves then in which?
 What are your all the most things you can really do?
 What are your other moves then? And with?
 What are your other ones playing in the rhythm?
 What are your overall strength and weight?
 What are your other moves, then, in rhythm?
 What are your overall strength in which?
 What are your other ones like and with me?
 What are your all the most things you can read?
 What are your all the rules then in which?
 What are your all the rules then and with?
