 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine
 Take me through the closest coffee machine!
 take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me, through the closest coffee machine.
 Date me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closet coffee machine.
 take me through the closest coffee machine
 date me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest costume machine.
 Take Me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me... through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine...
 Take me through the Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Take Me Through The Closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me, through the closest coffee machine!
 Take me through the closest Coffee Machine.
 Take me through the closest cafe machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine,
 Take Me Through The Closest Coffee Machine
 take me through the closest coffee machine!
 Take Me, through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me through the closest coffee machine."
 They take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Date me through the closest coffee machine
 Take me, through the closest coffee machine
 Take me through the closest coughy machine.
 Date me, through the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me, through the closest coffee machine.
 Stayed me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me for the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closed coffee machine.
 Take me… through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest Coffee machine.
 Date me through the closest coffee machine!
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine…
 Take me through the closet coffee machine
 Take me, through the closet coffee machine.
 Tate me through the closest coffee machine.
 tape me through the closest coffee machine.
 date me through the closest coffee machine
 Take me through the closest cosy machine.
 Thank me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closet costume machine.
 Take me through the closet coffee machine!
