 Take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine!
 Thank me, to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine
 They take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me through the closest coffee machine!
 Take me, through the closest coffee machine.
 Stayed me through the closest coffee machine.
 They eat me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me, to the closest coffee machine.
 They lead me to the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me, through the closest coffee machine.
 They eat me to the closest coffee machine.
 They took me to the closest coffee machine.
 They'd meet through the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine!
 date me to the closest coffee machine.
 They'd me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine
 Thank me to the closest coffee machine
 Take me through the closet coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest cafe machine.
 They'd me through the closest coffee machine.
 Stayed me to the closest coffee machine.
 They take me through the closest coffee machine.
 date me through the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closet coffee machine.
 date me to the closest coffee machine
 Thade me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machine...
 Thanks me to the closest coffee machine.
 take me to the closest coffee machine.
 Thanks me, to the closest coffee machine.
 Thank me, to the closest coffee machine!
 Take me to the closest coffee machine,
 date me through the closest coffee machine
 State me to the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest coffee machines.
 They made me through the closest coffee machine.
 take me through the closest coffee machine
 Take Me to the closest coffee machine.
 they take me to the closest coffee machine
 They teach me through the closest coffee machine.
 They take me to the closest coffee machine
 Save me through the closest coffee machine.
 Take me to the closest Coffee machine.
